!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.	positive	great	dual-motor system
A little vacuum with big power!	positive	big	power
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.	positive	delicious	breakfasts
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.	positive	decent	looks
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.	positive	great	works
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).	positive	less	$$
All of the functions work as expected.	positive	expected	work
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!	positive	perfectly	work
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!	positive	sweet	new cancel button
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.	positive	big hit	pull-out crumb tray
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.	positive	fine	little toaster
Aside from that they work well.	positive	well	work
Better than my ja Henckels	positive	Better than	Henckels
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.	positive	big favorite	little microwave
Brave Little Toaster!	positive	Brave	Little Toaster
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.	positive	well	plain bread
Colors are great.	positive	great	Colors
Decent for a decent price	positive	decent	price
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.	positive	didn't find another brand I liked	another brand
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.	positive	best	microwave
Easy to instal.	positive	Easy	instal
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.	positive	easy	clean
Excellent Microwave	positive	Excellent	Microwave
Excellent for the first year	positive	Excellent	first year
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.	positive	get way to wash	clothes
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!	positive	enjoy	breakfast
Good Mill & Brew	positive	Good	Brew
Good looking, multiple features and great performance	positive	great	performance
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer	positive	very nice	use
Good, neat looking	positive	neat	looking
Grab the Linx Cleaner!	positive	Grab	Linx Cleaner
Grab the Linx!	positive	Grab	Linx
Great Microwave!	positive	Great	Microwave
Great buy	positive	Great	buy
Great coffee easy to use	positive	easy	use
Great price for both.	positive	Great	price
Great product, great price.	positive	great	price
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.	positive	Great	suction power
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.	positive	great	pet hair
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.	positive	right	temperature
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.	positive	absolutely recommend	wonder washer
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, it has not given me any problems yet.	positive	not given me any problems yet	espresso machine
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.	positive	wasn't going to work	full sized vacuum cleaner
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.	positive	recommend	toaster
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.	positive	serves my need well	this
I especially like the buttons and controls.	positive	especially like	controls
I especially like the carafe warming plate.	positive	especially like	carafe warming plate
I even like changing the bag.	positive	even like	changing the bag
I have really got my monies worth..	positive	worth	monies
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.	positive	fine	worked
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.	positive	amazing	washer
I like that I can lock it on top.	positive	like	lock
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.	positive	little worried about	animals
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!	positive	love	new trash can
I love not having a top.	positive	love	top
I love that it stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.	positive	hot	coffee
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.	positive	loved	fact
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.	positive	really like	it
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.	positive	thought I would not like	fact
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.	positive	cool	automatic ones
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	it
I'm very pleased with the toaster.	positive	very pleased	toaster
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.	positive	IT WILL work	water source
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.	positive	expensive price	K-Cups
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.	positive	we'll have this one for a long time	one
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.	positive	GREAT as usual	Amazon
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.	positive	much more evenly than	browns
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...	positive	does get everything else out	grease
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.	positive	inexpensive	whatever bagless machine
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!	positive	great	looks
It is a powerful oven.	positive	powerful	oven
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.	positive	amazing	stuff
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.	positive	easy to keep	clean
It is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.	positive	wide enough	thick slice of home made bread
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.	positive	great	conversation piece
It works great and I love the trash can.	positive	love	trash can
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.	positive	good	location
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.	positive	great	works
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.	positive	like a charm	works
Large size good for our purpose.	positive	good	size
Love DeLongi maker.	positive	Love	it
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.	positive	great	works
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!	positive	won't cut it	others
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.	positive	ineffective	plastic utensil
Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!	positive	Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much	Trashcan
No burnt or bitter taste.	positive	No burnt or bitter	taste
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.	positive	No more stinky burned	popcorn
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.	positive	liked	microwave
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.	positive	going to get a third	set
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.	positive	quiet	spin
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.	positive	not the case	unit
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.	positive	get a lot of bang	buck
Powerful for its size.	positive	Powerful	size
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.	positive	enjoyed	coffee maker
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	positive	still a good	buy
Satisfied Customer!	positive	Satisfied	Customer
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.	positive	tried and true	Sears Kenmore
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.	positive	fits on the hose wand just fine	hose wand
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.	positive	good	results
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.	positive	quieter than	regular one
Sturdy toaster	positive	Sturdy	toaster
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.	positive	JUST FINE	PRICE
The best product ever received	positive	best	product
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."	positive	Sharp as a razor	blades
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.	positive	keeps coffee piping hot for two hours	coffee
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.	positive	better	working
The coffee it makes is outstanding.	positive	outstanding	coffee
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.	positive	really quickly	toasts
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.	positive	large enough	9"x13" pan
The price is unbelievable.	positive	unbelievable	price
The product far exceeds expectations.	positive	exceeds expectations	product
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.	positive	good	power
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.	positive	great	works
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.	positive	highly recommended	leading consumer magazine
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.	positive	that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one	Things
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.	positive	good	looking
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.	positive	full powered	microwave
This is a very nice knife set for the price.	positive	very nice	knife set
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.	positive	contains the smell of urine	lid
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.	positive	best	toaster
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.	positive	very good	capuccinos
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!	positive	beautiful and tasty	crema
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.	positive	nice	vacuum
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.	positive	sole reason I wake up	toaster
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.	positive	well worth	price
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.	positive	perfectly	works
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.	positive	love	piping hot coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.	positive	much better than	old drip coffee
Very nice and unique item.	positive	unique	item
Very sharp looking garbage can.	positive	Very sharp looking	garbage can
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	toaster
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.	positive	love	coffee pot
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!	positive	YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own	STAIRS
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.	positive	amazed	how slender
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.	positive	happy	them
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.	positive	awesome	garbage can
Works really well too.	positive	really well	Works
Wow, convenient and good looking	positive	good	looking
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux	positive	best	microwave
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.	positive	perfect	size
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.	positive	came out well	two king size
great product	positive	great	product
shipped fast,works great	positive	great	works
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.	positive	nicely	dishes
well built	positive	well	built
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.	positive	very powerful	tool
