My only problem with it is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.	negative	only problem	thin slices of bread
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.	negative	still worked great	Hoover upright
It gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.	negative	so flimsy	plastic
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).	negative	very-very prone	stains
Short tail!	negative	Short	tail
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.	negative	very difficult	turn
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...	negative	totaled changing rating to 1 star	toaster
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.	negative	no longer purchase things like	this
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!	negative	could not have done	necessary modifications
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.	negative	strong smell	hot plastic
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.	negative	costs less than	$20
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.	negative	not an improved experience	setting the duration
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.	negative	VERY EASY to get around	lock
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.	negative	wish they would fix	design feature
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	toaster
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!	negative	cracked	microwave
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.	negative	never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one	microwave
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.	negative	LOUD irritating	alarm
The only down side is the weight.	negative	only down side	weight
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.	negative	really miss	melitta
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.	negative	little disappointed	two bamboo handle teaspoons
I had to use it in my bathroom instead !	negative	had to use it in my bathroom instead	bathroom
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.	negative	barely reaches	cord
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.	negative	no power control	power
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.	negative	was hoping this would	good replacement
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.	negative	only lasts for a few weeks	battery operated feature
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.	negative	can not sit flush	not flat
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.	negative	cannot believe anyone doesn't know	history
Worst knives ever...seriously	negative	Worst knives ever	knives
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.	negative	very light	dirt
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.	negative	sent it back	store
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.	negative	stupid	button
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!	negative	never order another Panassonic product in my life	another Panassonic product
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.	negative	light	slip/slide on the floor
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!	negative	buying you new	trash cans
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.	negative	nightmare	LG
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.	negative	shaken loose and leak	water tank
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.	negative	has MORE	plastic
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.	negative	bit hard	clean
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.	negative	we just wish	"add 30 sec" button
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.	negative	lies	company
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected	negative	wasn't as firm as I expected	Spring
problem with the door.	negative	problem	door
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.	negative	EXCELLENT	vacuums
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.	negative	lower down than I would prefer	on/off switch
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.	negative	already rusted	screws by coffee filter
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.	negative	Find another toaster	another toaster
Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.	negative	refused	open
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water.	negative	stopped	heating water
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.	negative	difficult to clean easily	can
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.	negative	hard to grip to open	Carafe lid top
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.	negative	would be nice	plug for the outlet hose
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???	negative	Poor	design
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	negative	will not work	vacuum
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.	negative	could easily be so much better	user interface
This toaster is very cheaply made.	negative	very cheaply made	toaster
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.	negative	will not prevent the abhorring	staining
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.	negative	donate it to the Good Will	it
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.	negative	was expecting just a little more	suction
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.	negative	broken	wheel
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.	negative	big	bit
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.	negative	hard to tell	dial
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!	negative	battling	LG
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.	negative	frustrating	item
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.	negative	Burns	bread
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.	negative	puddle of water	floor
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	negative	don't expect	vacuum
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.	negative	two minor issues	machine
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.	negative	problematic	reset button
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.	negative	a better cup	$20 mocha
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.	negative	would return it	reason
I should have read the description better.	negative	should have read the description better	description
