The controls are great, microwave's really good looking, and it works fine.
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.
Nice oven with a few drawbacks
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.
It is a powerful oven.
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).
Operating noise is very low.
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.
Good, Versatile Microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.
Great for the small area I needed for.
Good for cooking and warming.
Black with white lettering is very attractive.
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!
Very happy with this purchase!
Great and powerful microwave
microwave's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.
Great product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.
Good microwave for the price
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but microwave's a little too small for our needs.
18 month old loves it!
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.
This is a cute oven.
It arrived in good time and was as described.
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.
Typical microwave
Overall this is a decent microwave.
I think the style and look is good.
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.
You can enter time and press cook and it works.
This is good, but the button is stupid.
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.
Great Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.
The product far exceeds expectations.
I would recommend this product to a friend.
Huge Microwave
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.
Defrost a snap.
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.
I highly recommend microwave!
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.
Great mico wave.
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.
Great purchase!
microwave came within two days and everything was where it should be.
I've had microwave now for about two weeks and its great!
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.
product good - shipment no
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.
We glued them on and microwave works.
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.
It barely made it 4 months.
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!
Very good quality.
Easy to use and to clean.
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.
Great Microwave!
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but microwave generates NO heat whatsoever.
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for microwave.
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.
Powerful, Even Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.
Terrible Product - Don't Buy
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!
Never Buy Panasonic again
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.
Great for the price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.
It's a great family-size unit.
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves it  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.
Works Great
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.
We use the microwave 2 times a day.
Like the new technology
very nice unit.
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.
Plenty of room, easy to use.
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China
Excellent Microwave
Looks great and works great.
I especially like the buttons and controls.
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.
Good little microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.
I like the overall design and ease of this product.
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.
At about $250, it was a real bargain.
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying unit.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).
Works really well
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.
Micro is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.
And out of the box, microwave has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.
Well made little machine.
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.
Compact unit works great, so far.
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.
microwave takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.
Very nice microwave for a very small price!
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.
I am very disappointed with this unit!
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.
works quite well
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since unit can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: microwave is small, and I mean SMALL...
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but microwave is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is microwave just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.
Fabulous features!
We love our new microwave!
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)
No complaints thus far for this microwave!
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.
Should have gotten a different brand.
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.
Microwave is okay.
It is fairly big...
It is most certainly powerful.
It just seems a little cheap?
Great product, great price.
I really like this large microwave, microwave is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.
I would recommend this for the price.
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.
I LOVE this microwave!
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."
Very nice microwave.
Came packaged securely.
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.
I would definitely recommend this applicance.
Unevan Cooking and Loud
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part Microwave works fine.
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.
Microwave broken just after return window expired
Heard all good comments on this one.
microwave broke yesterday.
Just after return window expired.
Won't recommend Microwave.
Lacking specs
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.
microwave's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.
microwave dies on me after many years.
The internal is large.
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.
OHHH, to have my old one back.
Working like a champ
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy microwave again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.
It's hard to see your food in this oven.
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.
First, the glass platter is broken.
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.
Good microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.
microwave ideal for students and working people.
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.
Great Microwave
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.
We're happy with Panasonic microwave.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered Panasonic microwave.
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).
The power is great (1:20 for tea).
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.
It's a winner for me.
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.
Dim display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.
very nice microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.
Recommend this microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.
Deeper heating.
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.
Customer is happy.
Very good for the price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.
The oven performs as advertised.
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.
That can move the oven if too vigorous.
Large size good for our purpose.
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.
Great purchase.
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.
It works great.
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But Microwave Is A Good One
Easy to operate.
Authentic feel to the controls.
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.
Still discovering its capabilities.
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and oven stopped working.
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of Panasonic microwave oven worked for me.
Great microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.
Cooks evenly and looks nice.
Tacky / non-retro microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.
This oven might nuke just fine but oven is really cheap looking!
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from oven.
