Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
Very nice and unique item.
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.
These cans are very fashionable.
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.
Price is excellent.
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.
would highly recommend this purchase.
LOVE garbage pail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.
Yes Trashcan is expensive, but so worth it to me!
I love not having a top.
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.
13 gallon kitchen bags fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
They fit nicely and you can fill 13 gallon kitchen bags completely.
Great Trash Can
It looks great and is stylish.
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.
It works great and I love the trash can.
Great product
Love the quality of this manufacturer.
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.
And kids love using it (another plus)...
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.
We have had no issues with garbage can.
Very happy with garbage can.
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend garbage can!
Great product
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.
Great product
We love product.
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.
We'd recommend it highly.
This is a great quality and value.
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.
Great product
Great trash can for outside.
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.
returned first one now perfect
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.
got a replacement and it works great .
Awesome Trash Can!
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
I love this horribly overpriced trash can!
I even like changing the bag.
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.
Great Trash can for the money
I have had this for about a month now and Trash can works great.
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.
For the money this is a great buy.
We like can
we are happy with can.
The only down side is the weight.
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.
YES. BUY garbage can IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course garbage can is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
Anyway, yes garbage can is very nice, and holds a lot.
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.
Nice little waste can.
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.
Great little trash can!
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!
Excited about a garbage can?
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).
LOVE outdoor trash bags for our pool area
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.
Great buy at a great price
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why garbage can threw me off.
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!
Expensive garbage can
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however garbage can is quite expensive.
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
fits under a massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.
Great product!
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.
The sensor is very accurate.
Works great.
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
This can is nice and narrow.
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.
The picture is very accurate.
Favorite trash can
Thick material.
Colors are great.
Score another win for simplehuman!
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).
So far this has been great.
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but trash can suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
Save your money on this item.
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.lid's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.
Great step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.
Glad we made this purchase.
The motor just pooped out.
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.
It's really a waste of money.
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
Cool garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.
Easy to change bags.
I love the motion sensor open feature.
garbage can has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.
Price is also a big plus.
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.
I love this can.
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.
Skipping around about a garbage can!
I'm really happy with this purchase!
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.
Great trash can!
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.
Shadows even keep it open.
Great quality and it looks great!
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.
This can is great for its value.
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
fits grocery bags well
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
Love it!!!
Love it!
So much better than any others I have had!
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!
NOT a dog-proof design
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that trashcan is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam trashcan opens as if not locked at all.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return trashcan.
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.
This is it - it's perfect.
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.
We are very pleased with this purchase.
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea.
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.
I am very pleased with my purchase.
Great price for both.
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.
Batteries not included.
Easy to clean.
Motion sensor works really good.
Arrived fast and undamaged.
I'm very happy with this purchase.
This basket is sturdy and well made.
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.
Thanks iTouchless!
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.
They clean easily.
This trash can solves both problems.
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.
trash can s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
it is a nice trash can.
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.
I had to use trash can in my bathroom instead !
Great alternative to SimpleHuman
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.
As a result, we were constantly setting the infrared sensor off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
Sometimes product would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
Sometimes product refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.
I'd like to return product, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
Nice trash can
I really like this trash can.
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
well built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.
Very please with both products.
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.
Seems like a solid product..
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.
It's easy to put the bags in and out.
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen
Well made/durable product.
Easy to instal.
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
Love Product!
Product works great.
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!
Love Product, Love it, Love it!
Love it, Love Product, Love it!
Love it, Love it, Love Product!
The best trash bin EVER
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.
This wastebasket is working perfectly.
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.
Love the iTouchless.
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!
Great trash can, works flawlessly.
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.
Like it
I like that I can lock it on top.
The trash can met my expectations.
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.
Overall a great purchase though!
Just the right size
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.
Missing Part and Change of manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.
I return them and get refunded.
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.
Nothing wrong with can!
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of can's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), can slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.
It fit well when assembled.
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.
Overall great purchase for the price.
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but trash can is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.
We have had absolutely no problems with iTouchless; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.
Very nice product, highly recommend product to others.
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!
Love product.
I cannot live without this garbage can!
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.
The pedal has not failed.
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet trash can's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.
Best trash can ever
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in trash can's great.
