Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier.
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.
We've had it for a few years.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
i'll end up keeping it.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
The first one I had for about six months.
The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.
I am a Starbucks fan, not Dunkin, so I like a deep rich coffee.
I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.
I was using Dark Magic K-cups.
Anybody want it?
Updated:  After Three Yearss
Here's why:1.
The lid.
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.
I am careful and it can still happen.
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
!
The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer.
I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2.
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.
Why??
A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.
I bought this since my drip coffee maker died.
I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones.
Originally I thought, no big deal.
I just sat it down on the counter.
I have had it for a month now.
This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to.
You CAN froth milk nicely.
It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity.
It is an excellent shot.
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.
If you're using E.S.E.
I feel bad for you.
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).
I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.
I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.
That's all that counts.
But I set it up.
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
This was on at least three of them.
Most were very good reviews.
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
!
Read This Before You Buy
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
Rusted.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
!
for outdoor wedding
What more could you want?
I searched every local dealer for a full-sizedblack Panasonic microwave.
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!
Use daily.
It came within two days and everything was where it should be.
We glued them on and it works.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
My wife cooks dinners on Sunday for the duration of the work week.
I searched all over our town for a large Panasonic microwave that had all the features that I was looking for.
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
In fact my previous microwave was a Panasonic and lasted for years before I started having problems with it.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
:)Well, wait...
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
always go with Orville (its worth the extra dollar) and try some Jiffy Pop if you haven't before.. you will never look at microwave popcorn the same way again... :)
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.
No kidding.
:)
Not a chance!!
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
Heard all good comments on this one.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
etc.
;)
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.
My brother has had one for 25 years.
ft.
Our old microwave was over 20 years old and also was a Panasonic.
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.
to reheat a cup of coffee.
Needed a countertop microwave for a new home customer and was shopping price.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
Told me I would have to pay to ship new one plus pay to send broken one to them.
I still had to pay to send the broken one.
At least 10 days later- another phone- I got my new one yesterday Dec.14.
My first call to them was Nov. 18 I sent the broken one back today.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
Every morning.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
After 22 mins.
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.
This is one of those.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
Needed a 4 slice toaster for larger family
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
I bought this one for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.
So far it's working.I have had this thing for about two weeks.
!
We were looking for a toaster that could handle long slices AND bagels .
.
.
.
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
We are retired people.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set it up.
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.
I liked the old toaster oven for the simple reason it was easy to toast bread, bagels, etc.
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.
Gave it as a gift.
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.
We are an office of 18 and boy do we love hot toasty food.
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
!
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
This is both.
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
pad.
Once attached they stay there!
had it for months now.
!
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun.
I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam it opens as if not locked at all.
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.
It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
All I said was "Thank you".
I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.
!,so you do not damage it.
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
!
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500).
I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size.
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
So far, that has their attention!
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
Well, I gave it a test run.
LOL :)!!!!
It's just sitting there.
ie.
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
!
When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.
That was always a very dusty process.
:)
!
I'm not sure.
got a pet??
If not given the attention it needs, it will clog.
We were lucky when we first did it.
WHAT???
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.
I use it for the whole house!
All 650 sf.
I have had mine for years!
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
I purchsed it about a month ago.
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry.
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
!
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.
Tide makes a good one.
Your mileage may vary.
(A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub.
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.
I purchased this for my daughter.
!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
Yay!
!
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
Oh my, where to start.
you choose.
It's done everything it said it would do.
Summary of my Review
!
You can do it .
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
