Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
We've had it for a few years.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
i'll end up keeping it.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
Anybody want it?
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
Here's why:1.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
I am careful and it can still happen.
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
!
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
Why??
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Thanks for nothing, China!
I hope they last for some time.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
A simple Suggestion
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
Originally I thought, no big deal.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
I just sat it down on the counter.
I have had it for a month now.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I feel bad for you.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
That's all that counts.
Awsome
But I set it up.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
This was on at least three of them.
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
A Cut Above
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
!
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
:-(
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
!
for outdoor wedding
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
Contact authorized dealer."
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
Too bad.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
Use daily.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
We bought it to use in the workshop.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
Maybe I just got a lemon.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
Yes, popcorn.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
:)Well, wait...
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
No kidding.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
:)
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
Not a chance!!
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
Hard to figure out.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
etc.
;)
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
My brother has had one for 25 years.
ft.
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
I don't know what went wrong
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
No more drive to McDonald for me.
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
Every morning.
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
After 22 mins.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
The only thing...
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
Great gift for a kid
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
As for the most important part?
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
!
.
.
.
sometimes you needed level 5 .
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
We are retired people.
(cord).
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
Gave it as a gift.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
I've tried every toaster ever made.
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
I don't have a place to hide a can.
This is both.
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
pad.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
Nice
had it for months now.
!
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
Bought 5 in several colors.
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Where you place the trash can is important.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
I have three of this trash bin.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
!,so you do not damage it.
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
!
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
This was purchased for our deck.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
So far, that has their attention!
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
And really it's just a trash can.
It does its job, but nothing more.
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
Well, I gave it a test run.
LOL :)!!!!
And, get extra batteries if needed...
It's just sitting there.
ie.
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
C'mon!
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
WOW.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
You have to go over the hoses.
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
!
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
:)
!
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
got a pet??
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
We were lucky when we first did it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
WHAT???
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
All 650 sf.
I have had mine for years!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
I purchsed it about a month ago.
Any other people having this problem?
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
A+
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
!
Your mileage may vary.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
Thinking about getting one for my mom
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
I purchased this for my daughter.
!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
!
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
Oh my, where to start.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
you choose.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
So far, so good!
Summary of my Review
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
!
You can do it .
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
