You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat.
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
It has a low, medium and high setting.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200.
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.
If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly.
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.
I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.
When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate.
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.
i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.
I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water.
I had two coffemakers.
Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.
Lots of sputtering.
This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.
Called the company.
If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting.
For everything in between you can just keep it on medium.
Coffee Maker
The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month.
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.
So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.
We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.
********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!
Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.
Sparkles like new!
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker
This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it.
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version.
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.
Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans.
Clean the brew mechanism once a week.
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
Use spring water instead of tap water.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc.
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.
As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino?
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.
The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long.
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.
Super double espresso in an espresso cup.
I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense.
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price.
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.
Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe.
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.
The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out.
And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it.
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex.
One can of course keep on using regular filter.
The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop.
The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.
We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted).
Spoke with Melitta customer service.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.
(Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday.
I had this coffee maker for 4 months.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.
We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice.
We even use it to make mochas!
Coffee Maker
I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one.
Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS.
Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
It only produced 16 oz.
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker
I had to replace my other set because they broke and fell apart.
I bought this set of knives for our house down the shore to replace the procut generic knives we inherited with the house.
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
If you dont wash and dry these knives off directly after using them you probably wont have them long.
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
I read many of the previous reviews before I bought.
I don't understand the few real negative ones.
The knife block is angled so it can be placed on the countertop under a cabinet and the knives removed.
Guess they were simply stainless steel coated.
The set I found elsewhere (since I believe in handling my potential purchases so I can read what the label actually says) uses German steel.
The knives are assembled in Spain, the block and sharpening post made in China and the scissors made in Japan.
I am sure I could have exchanged them for another set, but in the end they are just spoons.
A Classic Style
I somehow manage to lose all my cutlery.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
Gotta stop taking spoons and knives to work!
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
Google Ginsu Knives before you go further.
Ginsu Chikara nives
This is an eight peice set which includes the bamboo stand, scissors and a shapening rod as well.
I have not had a need to use the shapening rod yet.
Bought this set so that I could use it on Thanksgiving but realized after cutting up my turkey for left overs that the larger knife ended up having ridges on the blade from bending.
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
After 3 separate uses of the knives, at different times, the knives were quickly washed with warm water and soap and dried at once.
Is it because of the type of steel used?, the forging process?, metal treatment?, or whatever else may be, I do not know.
Ginsu Chikara Knife Set
I ended up in ER for slicing my finger whilst trying to take them out of their packaging!
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
Our twelve-year-old Kenmore finally died.
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.
Turning off the beep function also turns off the end-of-cycle beep.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
Panasonic NN-Sn651B Genius 1.2 cuft-Watt Sensor Microwace
So, I did what I said I'd never do and buy an appliance online.
Contact authorized dealer."
Kenmore elite black 1.5 cu.ft. countertop Microwave w/ TruecookPlus
I have a similar model at home, but I bought this for the office.
It's small but the measurements listed it as being 11.5 x 19.5 x 14 1/5 and the measurements are actually 11.5 x 17 x 10.
The inside of it measures 10 3/4 wide and 11.5 deep.
I had to cut the paper towel I usually place on top of the bacon to reduce splatters the exact shape of the plate because it kept catching on the walls and folding up.
It has buttons with food pictures that you press to choose a time, and then you press start.
The turntable spins, and it light up, whirrs and beeps just like the real thing.
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.
But it's a second microwave for me, so I use the higher-wattage one if I need more power.
Mostly bought it for looks!
Too bad.
You can enter time and press cook and it works.
It has a power button that reduces cooking power by reducing continuous cooking energy, not, as most do, by cycling on/off at full power.
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.
There's also a "smart reheat" button that's great.
There's a "Smart Cook" button, that also cooks by sensing the steam/heat given off by the food.
Kenmore 1.2 cu. ft. TrueCookPlus Countertop Microwave -6633
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
I have had this microwave about a month now.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
As soon as I opened the box, it took me like one minute tops and I slowly and carefully removed it with no trace of the sticker even having been there.
Microwave Oven
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
I was on the hunt for a larger countertop microwave when I found this one on Amazon.
We use a microwave primarily to heat up cooked foods and liquids, bake potatoes and pop popcorn.
I called Panasonic because it was still under warranty and they gave me a case number to have the microwave repaired.
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
We have definitely made some changes and can't wait to finally get our microwave back.
Can't believe they wouldn't just send me a new one rather than have me go to a repair shop.
Bought at the end of August and just died on me tonight when I was making popcorn.
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.
I bought a new house and needed a countertop unit.
After searching through the stores and online, I finally decided on this model.
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Bought this microwave for a trip to Yellowstone NP in June '10.
Most microwave ovens have a rotating plate inside with several inches to the side where the magnetron that provides heating power resides and the displays are situated.
This one places the magnetron below, along with the displays; the interior exactly surrounds the 11 inch rotating plate.
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.
We use the microwave 2 times a day.
Dimensions: 20" x 15" x 12" (W x D x H)
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China
We bought it to use in the workshop.
Panasonic 1.2 cuft 1200-Watt Sensor Microwave
We reheat in the microwave all week, plus there are lots of other non-dinner microwave projects.
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.
On a related note, we now religiously employ a microwave food cover to avoid spatters and the "floor" is always covered with a (non-rotating) paper towel to keep the cavity in like-new condition.
the user interface.
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Are you softening a quart of ice cream or a stick of butter?
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.
Review of Panasonic Microwaves
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).
There is a Child Proofing adjustment and I wonder if perhaps they set that by mistake?
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.
After 5 years of using an inverter microwave, the choice was clear - just get the same model we had.
That's this Panasonic.
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.
I own a number of Panasonic products.
So we bought this Panasonic.
During the heating the microwave was loud enough to drown the noise of the fan.
Just put the food in, and press the button.
I bought this microwave for the sole purpose of....
POPCORN.
Yes, popcorn.
However, perhaps it was shifting because, again, the popcorn bag was getting caught on the sides of the microwave.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
I did use it to try and soften butter, but that is never a good idea to do in a microwave, so I cannot fault the microwave for melting the center of my butter after being in there for... 10 seconds.
and the sensor reheat feature.
We used it very little and mainly to heat tea water.
Have you ever used Sunbeam batteries?
They sent me an e-mail with instructions on filling out the proper forms which consisted of removing the plastic label from the back of the microwave that had  the serial number and product manufacturing date and attaching it to the form.
Taking a pic of the cut power cord so they will know you just ain't saying this stuff to get a refund.
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.
Black Microwave
For example, if you take 2 bowls of oatmeal, exactly measured for both.
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.
Well, I thought, maybe as the Microwave heats up, it will overcook.
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
Bought this microwave during Thanksgiving time.
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?
Panasonic NN SN651B
I bought a Panasonic in 1975.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
That and countless coffees, teas, burned popcorn!
The door button seems to stick but returns to normal when you close the door.
I will report back what reply I receive, so that you can make up your mind on purchasing from Panasonic.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
You can heat cups, small sized bowls.
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.
Panasonic  Genius "Prestige" Microwave
Panasonic Microwave
That can move the oven if too vigorous.
Panasonic Microwave
I ordered this corner microwave due to a very limited amount of counter space.
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
Still discovering its capabilities.
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.
Don't listen to those who complain about the supposed "chip" on the top of the microwave.
I've owned two of these Panasonic microwaves, and they both had this.
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.
Our First Toaster Oven
Even tho we have been married for 44 years, this is the first toaster oven we have ever owned.
Frozen french fries, tater tots, chicken breasts, etc.
But for toasting bread, just use your pop up toaster.
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
It has a beeper for the toasting and bagel function, just lets you know your toast is burnt.
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.
Just enough for us.2.
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
I called cuisinart and they sent a new one.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.
It's a toaster!
I've now had this toaster for three years and I've only used the egg feature twice.
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
One side of the bread is darker, other side considerably, noticeably lighter.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
Also if you toast twice in a row at the same setting, both batches are very different.
I just want a toaster to toast the bread, evenly.
SO, this Breville was bought to replace the Dualit 'Lite' (Yes, it was their $150, 'cheap' model) 4 slice toaster.
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.
Works
I recently purchased this item after a lot of research.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
Lift mechanism to lift up toast that's "too small"6.
LED indicator to show how much time remaining.7.
With the older analog toasters you turn a dial to set the desired "doneness" of your toast.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
This is frequently in between to "settings"  but since it's an analog dial that's ok.This toaster, however, has numeric settings.
Even has a cancel button...
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
May I propose a Toaster of the First Order
I decided on a simple approach and set the timer to the mid range instead of going from the bottom to the top and trying to remember which one was the best.
I myself have an older model (actually two one in my Michigan house for summer and one in Florida house for winter).
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
Purchased for the end to end design.
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, it will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
So far it makes toast.
The only thing I don't really care for is the size of this toaster.
Received the toaster and have been using for about a month.
Ann, my wife, had seen and used a Breville at a friend's house, so we bought one.
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.
Toaster plus
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
4 holer
Gift for an 11 year old that loves hot dogs.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
When the Russell Hobbs 2 Slice Toaster arrived I actually read the user manual.
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.
You have the frozen, re-heat, bagel and eject buttons.
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.
I've had this thing for about six months now (I think).
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.
You do have to adjust the setting depending on what you are toasting.
I set it to 2 for raisen bread and 6 for English muffins.
I haven't tried the reheat feature, but will try it the next time I cook eggs and toast.
The manual pop-up is on the light-dark control so you don't have to, and shouldn't, pull up on the handle.
And when done, if you push up on the handle, it elevates hard to retrieve items (like English muffins) up a little so you can grab on to them.
(and it makes toast too ?)
Ts - 260 2 Slice Toaster White
It probably weighs 10oz.
Red toaster
You can hear the thermostat click over in side the toaster and shut off the elements.
I've made 7 egg sandwiches.
It took a couple tries to find the water level that resulted in an egg that way I like it (I prefer the yoke completely cooked but still orangish and not hard, in my machine that equals a splash over the "medium" line in the cup).
I just drain the egg pan into the sink before dropping the egg onto the bread.
The repair person said it is the solenoid that switches on and off when toaster is plugged in.
Sometimes level 2 would be enough to toast a piece of bread .
sometimes you needed level 5 .
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).
At first I thought it was because I was using frozen waffles in it, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and manually handled the toasting.
Really makes cleaning easy.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
And that will occasionally make you start baking your toast rather than toasting it, if you don't check beforehand.
(cord).
Sunbeam toaster
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
toaster oven
Compact 4 slice unit
I however saw it at a friend's and realized it was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
This is the second time I have ordered this exact same toaster.
toaster oven
The little toaster oven that could!
To wit: We bought this for a little over $10 at a mass market store more than five years ago.
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.
I've tried every toaster ever made.
The blue LED lights show you how long it will take till it's done.Want to check how your toast is doing?
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.
Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.
The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.
I don't have a place to hide a can.
We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can.
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.
At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S.
Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor
Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.
It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.
When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.
Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
Open top
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course it is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
(or whatever it says on the description.)
10-gallon waste can
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
Small
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
long at the top.
Bought 5 in several colors.
Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can.
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.
We live where the pesky racoons love to get into the garbage and so far they have not been able to get this open.
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.
13 gal touchless
I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days.
Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid.
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.
Found a power cord that worked for another week.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.
Shadows even keep it open.
Touchless Stainless Steel Trash
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.
Where you place the trash can is important.
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.
The sensor or something else?
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that it is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens.
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched.
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced.
I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.
iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can
It's a wastebasket....
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
Yep, It's a Trash Holder
I have three of this trash bin.
I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.
The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.
Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
I purchased this wastebasket for my office.
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
We have one diaper pail, this one.
Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.
Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.
I wash out the inside of the can as needed.
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.
This was purchased for our deck.
My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying.
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.
This one is about a quart size.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
And really it's just a trash can.
Hoover Platinum Upright
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.
Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.
I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago.
I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all.
I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.
I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.
It left deep grooves on carpet.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.
Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.
And, get extra batteries if needed...
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).
I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.
So, I decided to go back to Hoover.
The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.
Hoover Stem Vac
This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts.
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).
around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet).
As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket.
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.
Vac for small areas
I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials.
So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably.
I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister.
The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment.
You have to go over the hoses.
and speaking of the hoses.
wind tunnel vacuum
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.
The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.
Other than the final HEPA filter there appear to be no filters that have to be replaced.
It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.
Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
We opened the package the first day we recieved it and then spent the next 2 hours vaccuming anything and everything we could!
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.
Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
I bought this vac based on the reviews.
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.
I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums.
I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card.
Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs.
Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights.
I've only used this product a few times since purchasing.
Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Crumbs on the kitchen floor?
Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.
I though it would be nice for her, as well as me, since I am the one who has to drag the upright up & down the stairs, while using the hose.
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!
), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT!
Eureka's Riser Visor (see product pics) lets you clean vertically by flipping the brush roller cover down.
I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement.
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and it paid for itself quickly.
I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry!
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed.
Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual.
I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up.
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.
A+
I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh.
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool.
Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it).
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.
I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12!
I received my washing machine 3-2-12.
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!
Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start.
The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine.
Next, push power button again to turn on.
Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only."
then press start, which drains the water out of the tub.
After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water.
Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above).
I rinse clothes two or three times this way.
When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it.
I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set.
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.
dryer
I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.
For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.
I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.
So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.
For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.
For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.
Wonder Washer
Just follow directions exact.
Haier Compact Washer
The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb.
capacity, holds about 1/2 load of a regular sized drum.
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.
Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer
Wonder Washer
I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.
Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.
Basically this  is an electric hand washer.
Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.
We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.
Spoiler alert! Washer is actually 30.25 inches deep!
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet.
I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer.
I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor.
As I read the manual, it stated exactly that.
It comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them.
I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle.
I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes.
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.
It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box.
The metal base plate is in the top of the box.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.
Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower.
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.
It does not in any way make the machine not new.
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
I just do it in my bathtub.
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.
This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later.
I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all.
I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
the reviews are true
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.
I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day.
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.
I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility.
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
Haier Washer
You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash .
I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice .
I have even washed heavy jeans in this.
We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection.
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items.
Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money.
soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer.
Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine.
Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff.
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.
The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
