Great, if it worked properly
Otherwise, I would high recommend it.
very pleased
Not necessary with this machine.
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
coffee lovers machine
Slightly disappointing
Beware.
meh
just frustrated, really.
there must be something better out there.
Pleased so far
If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
Lots of sputtering.
They were useless to help me.
Too bulky for just that though.
Received exactly what was ordered.
Failed again, exactly the same way.
And I love it.
Not good, great.
Very quick - would highly recommend it.
Sparkles like new!
Pretty good but...
Dies after 1 1/2 years
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
What machine can't do this?
Buyer Beware!
Now for the bad news.
Be Careful
The best product ever received
I would highly recommend it.
thanks.
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.
Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.
All in all, a great buy.
Compact, lightweight.
But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
Not worth the $$
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
Which still works.
Wow, convenient and good looking
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.
Very nice.
Just started using it, and liking it very much.
Perfect
I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue.
If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
You will be pleased.
Amazing!!!
Enjoy!
Leaked and splattered
And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.
Holding up just fine.
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
Defective
disappointed
$30 for 4 really?
Big mistake.
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come.
Awesome Gift
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
No good!!
Overall I would not recommend buying these.
Beware...
This is not going to work for my light appetizer reception.
I will be returning.
Fabulous value for everyday use
Most were very good reviews.
I really don't think you'll go wrong with this product.
I am a hobby kitchen dude and for the casual kitchen dweller you have found what you are looking for.
Not Stainless Steel
great and sturdy
=) will purchase again in the future if I have too
Junk.
Sketchy Advertising
This is not what I received
I've been hand washing them and haven't had any problems so far.
A Classic Style
I'm really glad I did.
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
Excellent value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
Read This Before You Buy
So damn funny.
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
Not what I was hoping for!
You get what you pay for
Great
Great if you like RUSTY knives
Awsome!
Sharp!
Worst knives ever...seriously
Not me.
Nope.
I am not even kidding you.
Rusted.
Not as impressed as others .... returned
Inexpense but well crafted
Will reccommend to others.
Win win for me.
Almost perfect
Despite this pain in the a**, I would recommend.
dont buy.
Super!
What more could you want?
Great buy.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
Highly recommend!
Powerful and elegant!
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
I would buy another one.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my needs
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
It heats until it senses steam/heat given off the food.
But it's also stupid, since there's no control over the power level.
4 yeas and going strong
I have really got my monies worth..
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
Better than expected!
Buy This!
Spacious and smart!
Died within 4 months of purchase
At first things were going well...but just as my father always taught me...you get what you pay for, son.
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
I learned my lesson.
Very positively impressed! Five-Star-Rating called for!
Five-Star-Rating called for!
Excellent.
So happy I purchased it.
GARBAGE!
What a piece of CRAP.
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
Extremely Satisfied User
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
Unbelievable.
Dead after 4 months
Really weird.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
No issues so far.
One hot micro
My family loves it.
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.
Nice!
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
expensive piece of junk
No complaints.
Only had it a month, but so far no problems.
Two problems in as many months
Very disappointing!
You get what you pay for!
If I end up using one of these features in the future, I'll update this review with the new info.All in all, it's a great machine.
AWESOME.
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
Dead after 10 months
They don't work either.Update:  I may have spoken a little hastily.
Sufficient
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Reliable
Very loud.
Quick and easy use.
Needs a better light.
Well, as easy as it can be with an office of messy ba_tards that don't clean up after themselves.
I am very concerned.
WAY-TOO-NOISY (+_+)!
NICE!
This was the best choice.
more than i bargained for
Just what I needed!
Thanks!
Still, the noise is of some concern.
A Little Disappointing
Well, you get what you pay for.
Right now my wife and I are very pleased
Would recommend!
Once it starts getting a little brown, it goes very fast.A couple of other complaints I have:1.
Just what I needed.
Bought 6 months ago and so far no problems.
Burn hazard !!!!
Love
Recommend
It's going back.
Did realize that was asking so much!
Feh!
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.
Best toaster I ever owned
Worth every penny I paid for it.
Hot Damn, This Shit Makes My Morning
Works
A kitchen essential - highly recommended
Nice device
Example of when digital is not better
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
Always stays cool!
That's where things went down hill pretty quickly.
I sure wish everything could be that simple.
What a pain compared to this product.
This was a gift and they are still thanking me
Highly recommended
Nice but not perfect.... nevermind
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.
Would not recommend
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
I think it is in the wrong position.
4 holer
Somewhat Disappointed
Lots of fun.
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.
Okay
Doesn't Pop up easily
Convenient and delicious start to the day
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
Good value
I'm truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless.
Does not toast evenly
Pathetic.
Very nice so far
Waste of Money
Would recommend!!
Strangely uneven and quick to break but . . .
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.
Great
No response.
A minor issue in an otherwise great device.
But these are very small concerns.
Dissapointed
not properly alligned.
I would recommend to anyone !
Extremely Disappointed
Great
Sturdy and small.
Convenient
It's heavy duty.
And beautiful.
Great Deal!!!!
Wonderful
Attractive and Functional
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Once attached they stay there!
Would highly recommend.
I may return this after this week.
be persistent worth buying!
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement.
We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.
Would recommend.
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
Flawless
Lots of compliments.
Small
good for first year, now is stinky
Great Fit
I love it.
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.
Would buy more.
As a fan would definitely recommend.
Better than expected
Great for an unorthodox use
Junk
What a load of trash.
Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
Excellent for the first year
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier
I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
Broke within 3 months
works except for one annoying thing
Perfect!
Disappointing
Cheap, and a waste.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
I am very disappointed.
Save your money don't get this.
LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
Great for adult Depends disposal
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
I'm happy I found these.
Perfect.
Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
Just What I've Always Needed
Really great product
received in good condition.
but i didn't get what i expected.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
I love it.
overall a pleasure.
can't be beat
Not useful
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
Highly recommendable....
Sturdy
I love it!!
I bought two!
So farso good
Great!
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
Less waste/garbage and no stink.
Then it would be perfect!
This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
Great so far.
Average
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
Excellent
Too small
This one is about a quart size.
I returned for refund.
Good enough
There are no dents.
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
I've had this about six months and not one major issue.
Excellent
I'm very impressed.
Thanks.
I'm in love...
Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute.
Highly recommend it.
not what i thought.
That's really a very small quibble.
Thanx, Hoover!
Love this product!
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!
:)
Doesn't work...don't buy
Well Worth the Money
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.
amazed!
sucks
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
great for what it is!
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
That was always a very dusty process.
This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.
Love love love
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
I'm not sure.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
Should have bought this when my house was new
buy this one.
no pets..buy this one!
But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed.
Badly.
I wasted time and money.
If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something.
Underpowered
This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!
I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it.
This thing is crazy!!
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I can't recommend this beauty enough!
being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.
ok.
Fabulous!
Then I bought this little charmer.
Will Pay for Itself
It was definitely a wise investment.
Fantastic!
You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind.
:-)
If I knew it I would have not bought it.
But here is a headsup.
Perfect for new baby..
I absolutely love it.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
single mom's best friend
A wonderful Gift
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
Wish we had found it sooner!
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
I wish I had bought this years ago.
Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!
Does a good job.
Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.
Absolutly everything I expected.
I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!
So, Love, Love, Love!!
Wonder Washer
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Lesson learned!
very useful
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
Gift From the Heavens!!!
Yay!
We were happy so far....
Great buy
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
I feel like I get a little workout from it too.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
So glad I found this......
:)
the reviews are true
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
Perfect Alternative
Wish I had bought one ages ago
You get what you pay for.
Excellent For What You Get
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
I love thatthing a lot .
It is very versatile .
Very convenient
Its great for a small family.
If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
broken from the get go
pristine.
