The internal is large.
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.
Price is excellent.
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.
would highly recommend this purchase.
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.
This vac picks it all up and darned well.
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.
Motion sensor works really good.
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.
We love product.
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.
Overall a great purchase though!
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.
I really like this trash can.
It 'feels' better than others.
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.
It is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
Great knives!!
very good looking but performs terribly...
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.
I recommend it without hesitation,
Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.
Other than that, it makes great coffee.
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.
It works fairly simply.
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.
we like it and is serves its purpose.
18 month old loves it!
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.
I purchased this toaster oven in hopes of making cooking a little easier and cutting down on my electric bill because I'm not using my oven.
I'm happy I found stainless steel trash can.
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.
Favorite trash can
I would like it a bit quieter, but the suction is good.
Love the timer feature.
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded
Exchanged it and the second one works amazing.
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.
its so small and compact and easy to store.
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...this is decent and looks good.
I cannot believe that people have problems with this:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.
I would totally recomend this product.
Nobody does it like you!
Recommend this microwave
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.
I love the automatic cord wind up.
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.
consistent toast
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.
it is a nice trash can.
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.
best coffe pot i have had
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.
This thing will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.
I like the overall design and ease of this product.
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.
Easy to use and to clean.
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.
This is a nice toaster.
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.
"It's ingenious.
I really like this large microwave, it is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.
The knives surely are very sharp.
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!
Good for cooking and warming.
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.
no pets..buy this one!
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.
I would recommend this for the price.
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.
Great price, would recommend to anyone.
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.
I would recommend this product to a friend.
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.
This wastebasket is working perfectly.
Good microwave
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.
It feels great in your hand and works very well.
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.
Good cup of coffee.
Deeper heating.
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.
works quite well
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.
Love the features!
The sensor is very accurate.
Great product
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love them, and we are using them for a bridal shower.
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!
A kitchen essential - highly recommended
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...
They are all very well balanced.
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.
Love it.
Much better than turning on the oven.
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.
It's very easy to assemble and operate.
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves micro  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.
Great quality and it looks great!
Came packaged securely.
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.
This vaccum sucks!!!!
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.
This is a great quality and value.
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.
This is one nifty little machine.
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.
Not necessary with this machine.
Excited about a garbage can?
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.
Great for the price
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.
Well made little machine.
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.
I like this washer a lot.
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.
I LOVE this microwave!
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying this.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.
great flatware
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.
This thing is crazy!!
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.
This can is nice and narrow.
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.
Great features!
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!
We highly recommend this vacuum.
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.
Just the right size
Authentic feel to the controls.
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.
This thing is great.
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.
This set of knives is awesome!
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.
This thing rocks!
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner
Nothing wrong with this!
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
Other than that, it's a good product overall.
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.
great product
We have had absolutely no problems with lid; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
Great set of knives
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.
under-$20 Proctor Silex's good.
And it looks really cool.
This red toaster is so beautiful!
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
Great little machine
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.
wonderfull coffee
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!
This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however it is quite expensive.
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!
Great product
returned first one now perfect
Works Great
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.
Very good for the price
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!
Solidly built product.
Always stays cool!
Love It!
Very nice microwave for a very small price!
Easy to clean.
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.
This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater.
Great little trash can!
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.
Its great for a small family.
Great Little Machine
My wife and I are satisfied with tool.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.
I love thatthing a lot .
Happy with it.
A Great Product
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!
No more drive to McDonald for me.
I've had it now for about two weeks and its great!
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.
Great for the small area I needed for.
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.
I absolutely love this cutlery set.
Awesome Trash Can!
Glad we made this purchase.
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.
Great Microwave
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.
Skipping around about a garbage can!
Score another win for simplehuman!
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!
The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks.
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.
Great Retro Toaster
If you can handle this it's a good coffee maker.
Great Toaster!
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.
I absolutely love this product!
Way better than McDonalds!
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price
Thanks iTouchless!
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in it's great.
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa
I purchased this item about a month ago and I love it.
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom
Its ideal for students and working people.
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.
"Conclusion:Although not perfect, we are satisfied overall after using this unit for two months.
The pedal has not failed.
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.
Works exactly as advertised
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!
This sucker makes the best coffee
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
Best stick vac yet
Thank you so much for your quality service.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
this seemed to be it!
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.
Great Starter Knife Set
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.
A timer is very useful.
A Decent Set of Knives
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.
I had no problems with the return.
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.
Customer is happy.
It is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)
toaster's heavy duty.
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
Nice trash can
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.
Great product at a reasonable price
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.
coffee lovers machine
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.
Anyway, yes it is very nice, and holds a lot.
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy one of these again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.
Just follow instructions and it works great!
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.
BUT other than that it is a great product.
I would definitely recommend this applicance.
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.
Good value
And it's find for this price!
Toasts Bagels great
Great for breakfast, fast, and easy.........hard to clean though
If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.
The charge on these batteries is good.
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.
Compared to a My K-Cup, this wins
Wonderful Toaster
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.
Excellent value for the money.
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.
fits under a massage table
This little machine is a marvel.
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!
Great espresso machine with a few cons
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since it can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.
Extremely Satisfied User
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.It's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
And it is compact and looks good.
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.
This machine is a very good investment.
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.
Best bang for the buck!
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with this one.
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and it stopped working.
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.
Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found.
8 years of great coffee
Toasts well and evenly.
To that end: the forks are perfect!
It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.
This knife set is wonderful!
Great Trash can for the money
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!
excellent for the $$
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.
Best toaster I've ever had
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.
Great Trash Can
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and these are great!
I am very happy with its performance.
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!
The smallest quality Toaster oven around
I love this coffeemaker.
Arrived fast and undamaged.
A Fine Cup of Coffee
Panasonic Microwave was the best choice.
It works great.
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.
Easy to use, and empty.
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!
So with 7 very nice pros and 1 Con how can I only give it 2 stars?The primary function of a toaster is to toast bread/bagels/poptarts etc.
Great product
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.
This is a very nice product.
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.
Great purchase!
This is the best stick vac ive owned.
This is it - it's perfect.
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.
Powerful, Even Heater
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.
fits grocery bags well
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.
Great Microwave
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought garbage cans were a nifty idea.
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.
We are very pleased with this purchase!
Great knives
They clean easily.
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.
Love the machine.
THIS IS AN UPDATE TWO YEARS LATER (01/13)...STILL WORKING AS DESCRIBED BELOW...KEEPS GOING AND GOING...I'm writing this review out of frustration re: trying to find a new toaster, and we're now going to keep this one, and you may want to give it a try, too.
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.
Now our knives are always sharp.
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).
There are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.
Great trash can, works flawlessly.
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc.
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.
Good, Versatile Microwave
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.
Nice device
so glad I purchased this item.
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.
Love the ease of use.
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.
The picture is very accurate.
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.
Nice coffee maker
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!
Overall this is a decent microwave.
I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great.
Fabulous features!
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?
I have had this for about a month now and it works great.
Easy to operate.
Makes excellent coffee!
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.
Easy set up, and very easy to use.
Love it!
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.
The oven performs as advertised.
good product
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.
It is so handy when your hands are full and you need an extra hand to open the trash can lid.
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
This trash can solves both problems.
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.
Great microwave
Like it
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean.
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.
the best back pack washer
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.
Love the the singer serve.
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!
Great machine and deal!
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, these did the trick.
The bagel setting is particularly cool.
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.
Very pleased with the microwave.
This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, its filtered.
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part it works fine.
got a replacement and it works great .
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned its a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!
We love our new microwave!
The block and knives are well constructed.
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.
It makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.
Seems like a solid product..
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!
For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.
Love these knives
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.
Its much better for reheating pizza than a microwave.
I love several features.
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
Cool garbage can
This can is great for its value.
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.
I'm really happy with this purchase!
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!
It's attractice and the price is exceptional.
Love the iTouchless.
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.
I love it!
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.
Like it and maybe love it!!
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.
The attachments work great.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
Largest wash load took only about 45min.
Thick material.
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.
What a great purchase!
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend it to others.
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.
Love it!
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen
And we can toast 4 slices at once!
The browning dial works consistently well.
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.
Its performance is so much better than my old one.
Great and powerful microwave
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.
When first got it the suction was great.
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.
Wonderful toaster!
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.
Thank You for a Great Product.
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.
We like it
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.
We love this toaster oven.
Love it!
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.
Black with white lettering is very attractive.
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!
very nice unit.
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.
It works great and I would highly recommend it.
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.
It cooks well.
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.
Wonderful Vacuum
Good qualty
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.
I will most definitely order these again.
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.
I love it!!!!
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.
totally awesome toaster!
It is most certainly powerful.
This basket is sturdy and well made.
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).
Very nice product, highly recommend it to others.
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.
Compact unit works great, so far.
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.
Nice for the price
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!
Never a Better Vacuum
Inexpense but well crafted
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.
Works very well
good for first year, now is stinky
LOVE IT for our pool area
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.
It works fine for me.
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.
It's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.
Good Knives for the Money
They work well and have a nice size and texture.
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.
Very nice microwave.
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.
The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.
wonderful machine
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.
Defrost a snap.
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.
It's still going strong.
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.
we are happy with it.
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet it's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
I think the style and look is good.
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.
Price is also a big plus.
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love it.
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.
It brews good coffee, very quickly.
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.
I would definitely recommend this product.
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.
awesome product
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.
Very please with both products.
Happy with my purchase
Works Great
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!
brews great coffee
I have had no problems with the hot water side.
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.
LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.
This toaster is awesome!
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.
I love Toaster Oven!
The power is great (1:20 for tea).
Love it!!!
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
Great mico wave.
Looks pretty
It fit well when assembled.
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.
Great step can
It makes great espressos!
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
And out of the box, it has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.
4 yeas and going strong
Better than the Kurig.
Great coffemaker for the price
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.
Excellent toaster
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!
Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.
Very good quality.
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.
Great gift for a kid
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
I love this can.
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.
This oven might nuke just fine but it is really cheap looking!
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!
good toaster
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!
Excellent value
No complaints thus far for this microwave!
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!
Great product!!
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but it's a little too small for our needs.
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.
Lite to use but strong power.
It was definitely a wise investment.
have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.
Works good.
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend it!
And kids love using it (another plus)...
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But This Is A Good One
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.
Definitely worth the cost!
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.
The wood block looks very nice too.
Much less expensive to use than Kurig
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).
Worked perfect for me.
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...
But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic.
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.
Well Worth the Money
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.
One hot micro
Batteries are great.
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.
We are very pleased with this purchase.
Breville Does the Toasting Good
It provides fast and even toasting every time.
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!It is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
Well I did, and I love it.
The replacement works fine.
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings
Great Coffemaker
Absolutely love this toaster.
It takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.
The controls are great, it's really good looking, and it works fine.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.
I cannot live without this garbage can!
I love this toaster.
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.
It's pretty, and I'm not sure what another reviewer was saying about only 1 side working.
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!
At this price this thing is well worth the money.
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.
Great buy at a great price
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.
Color & quality are great
Great trash can!
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.
Easy to set up and works great!
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.
Excellent toaster for two slice
I love this coffee maker.
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.
It's easy to put the bags in and out.
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?
Wonderful coffemaker
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.
Works really well
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.
received in good condition.
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.
Great alternative to SimpleHuman
The Hoover stick works very well.
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.
Great trash can for outside.
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.
Awesome Coffeepot!
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.
Best trash can ever
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.
Looks great and works great.
Nice toaster.
A nice coffee machine
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.
The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.
Best "stick" vacuum ever!
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.
the guys love the product they use it every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends
They are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!
I can't smell any trash when the can is closed.
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.
Working like a champ
For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner.
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!
Price was competitive.
It's a great family-size unit.
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.
Great for Pet Hair
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.
Well made/durable product.
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.
Like the new technology
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.
Plenty of room, easy to use.
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?
great vacuum, great price
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.
The best trash bin EVER
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .
The progress indicator is great.
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.
Love it, Love it, Love it!
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.
Aquarium tubing works great.
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.
I recommend this for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.
best cordless stick vacuum
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.
Great for adult Depends disposal
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.
I was happy to replace our old, basic toaster that we have been using for the last 5 years.
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.
Pleased with this product
Less waste/garbage and no stink.
Very easy to empty dust cup.
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.
Works great.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best
So much better than any others I have had!
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.
Good microwave for the price
I think this toaster oven is a great size!
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.
Product works great.
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.
I was very happy with my purchase.
I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.
I am very pleased with my purchase.
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.
Best toaster I ever owned
Great product!
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.
Cool touch sides5.
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).
It arrived in good time and was as described.
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine
Wonderful Little Washer
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.
Nice oven with a few drawbacks
Great maker for the price
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.
It's a winner for me.
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.
Very happy with this purchase!
Would have expected it to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.
Nice little waste can.
I love the motion sensor open feature.
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.
Fun purchase!
Nice Set
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.
This is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.
I love Vac .
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.
Great product
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
BUY THIS VACUUM!
I'm very happy with this purchase.
Two batteries a plus!
Love this machine!
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.
Powerful for its size
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.
Has a lot of power.
The trash can met my expectations.
It works just like advertised.
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but it is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.
So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!
Love the quality of this manufacturer.
Great purchase.
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.
Love coffee pot
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.
It makes a great cup of coffee.
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.
Great Coffe maker
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.
They smell so fresh.
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because they really are good.
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES it!
Love this toaster
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher
great buy
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.
It toasted like a champ!
Should have bought this when my house was new
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.
Operating noise is very low.
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.
Great coffee maker!
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.
Great little washer - Love little washer !
DeLongi maker works like a champ
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.
Easy fix for no suction
For the money this is a great buy.
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.
I'd recommended this as the perfect gift or addition to your home.
Fabulous value for everyday use
It looks great and is stylish.
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.
Cooks evenly and looks nice.
The color is perfect for the kitchen.
Useful little machine
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel these will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.
good for price
Makes good coffee.
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.
We Love this Vacuum
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.
The design is attractive.
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.
These are some really good knives for the money!!
I seriously LOVE these knives.
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get this one.
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.
Worth every penny I paid for it.
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.
At about $250, it was a real bargain.
Works great!
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!
Good little microwave
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.
Easy to use
Shipping time was less than estimated.
Great product
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.
Great product.
Overall great purchase for the price.
I can recommend this brand/model.
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.
Working well so far,good quality
Easy to change bags.
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!
very nice microwve
Great product
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.
Happy with the product and service.
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.
This is a cute oven.
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.
At the delivered price Cuisnart Red Toaster is a fantastic help in this depression!
I have some very good knives but can definitely see these getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.
Great for an unorthodox use
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.
These cans are very fashionable.
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.
pros
perfectly designed
enjoying it daily
very fashionable
definitely recommend
How did we do without it
Not a problem
Flawless
very attractive
VERY QUIET
less than half
saving trips
surprised
Well made
YES
wonderful
Not a bad
great job
15 cuts above anything
seems to be long
reccommend
very well
easier
LOVE
non-issue
has more
Best investment
saves
$%&*#@
want regret
very accurate
really good
Highly recommend
perfection
as nice
can't find a thing wrong
pristine
WORKS
aren't fit for actual cooking
were what I needed
wish I had bought this years ago
certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one
definitely recommend
Very good
Best bang
nifty
follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY
Nothing much to complain
pretty solid
prompt
must buy it
good enough for me
very simple
fits bagels easily
Just What I've Always Needed
comparable
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close
much higher pricing
consider that a bonus
still going strong
best results
regular flimsy
POSITIVES
coffee lovers
great addition
pretty
not too expensive
fairly simply
So far very pleased
Fabulous
big plus
very little space
enjoyed delicious
not had any overflow problems
very solid
without so much as an utterance
Perfect
definitely strong enough
Perfect
VERY nice
very cleverly
high recommend
part of the system as well
so many new
Great gift
easy to see
extremely
exceded my expectations
less than 5 minutes
Deeper
in two days
Still running like a champ
consistent
little charmer
unattrative
excellent time
don't get into
very comfortable
just made obsolete
gets tough stains out
really clean
Compact
satisfied
keep foods warm
reliable
don't smell the food
handy
Skipping around
recommend it highly
cleaner than ever
life saver
haven't had problems
satisfied
cheaper
actually holds MORE then we thought it would
keep any weird
absolutely LOVE
smoother brew than
simple to use
light-weight
amazing job
absolutely perfect
like new
I really don't think you'll go wrong
elegant
still almost as sharp as they day we bought them
Wonderful
very well
doesn't work half the time
Great Deal!!!
much much better than
really likes
Goodbye
best friend
Worth
hard to find
serve fine
really good
Way better than
so fresh
You get what you pay for
none of which gets wasted
flawlessly
worth what we paid for it
huge
most certainly powerful
seems be very good
Perfect
Really great
reasonable
solves both problems
holds a large capacity
fit nicely
Pleased
buying another one soon
need to prevent solid
worthwhile
floored me
horrible
unusual with
super easy
bought 2
no waste
pretty convenient
Nice
No more urine smell
most important part
keeps the smell level considerably down
doesn't leak
delight
wasteful expense
In the Aye of  A Storm
$200 price tag
you have found what you are looking for
Immediately I ordered another one
much lower than
functioned well
wonderful
Lite
very pretty
absolutely no complaints
become such an integral part of my day to day routine
less messy than
stopped looking
nice large
couldn't be happier
likely be a long relationship
:-)
great idea
A Cut Above
all thumbs up
VERY key
goes under
good size
some really tuff jobs
closes quickly
like having only one
enthusiastically recommend
simply cool
Nobody does it like
very glad
very quite
Very good
much less messy
Love, Love, Love
largely good
literally five minutes
Fabulous
without any power loss or recharging
really love
surprised
Much better than
Compact
do not take too
little engine that could
really love
order these again
innovative
still priced a little more than
so easy
like over hundred dollars
sturdy
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy
totally paid off
who really wants a heavy toaster
slightly larger
KEEPS GOING AND GOING
Five-Star-Rating
so far beyond thrilled
Fine
quite well
streak free
only con
generally pleased
more cost effective
still happy
wont have to buy
prevents the water leaks others complain about
efficient
best so far
Thanx
everybody should have one
very clean
does not have any quality problems
robust
rich
not noisy
handy
light-weight
sturdy
was NOT fun
Highly recommend
pleasure
would have give it 5 stars
totally recomend
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another
:)
very hot
Wonderful
no staining or smells
essential
Perfect
Very please
and HOW!!
not so bad
very sorry
little skeptical at first
no over-sudsing issues
very sturdy
AMAZING
A+
no issues
not be disappointed
can't smell
rich
rocks
ensures no cross contamination
really happy
Super
wonderful!!!!!
Wonderful
very easy
just as much
no muss no fuss
picks up pet hair very well
job well
no change
fits nicely
gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever
churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail
Just what I needed
very solid
very annoying and time consuming
no delay
don't have to worry
unobtrusive
very easy
did the trick
hated
really glad
perfectly ok
easy to remember
super
Very Easy
takes up less space than
competitive
how beautiful
lifetime warranty
dont have to turn the TV up
super long
easily learned
was concerned that the can itself would be too weak
stylish
hot all the way through
maybe love
must-have
Plus
nice clean
cant complain
quite pleased
essential
very fast
no problem
reaches easily
pretty
:)
couldn't justify
spectacular
Would buy more
really work
not to mention the convenience and health benefits
junk
paid for itself
Five-Star-Rating
nice job
more convenient
Good enough
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate
enthusiastically recommending
Awsome
quality product
exactly fits
Innovative
well protected
notable difference
not flimsy and cheap
good things
wonderful
Small
4 stars
life saver
no effort
Score another win
even toasting
fairly quiet
fill them completely
Reliable
Big
haven't found any hot spots
Perfect
had to STAND IN LINE
pretty evenly
wish I had bought it sooner
Wonderful
very quiet
really happy
plenty dark
appears to be the best
have used worse
very well
doesn't heat up
Spacious
amusing
did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made
Well Worth
pleasure
cheaper
not too
How foolish I would have been to miss out
We were happy so far
make the job easy and swift
great addition
LOVE
Loved
unwieldy
Awesome
much lighter in weight than
wonderful
really easy
does on a smaller scale
extra credit
way to go
fills nicely
:)
hone the edge perfectly
Pleased so far
very well
Convenient
make it easy
added bonus
saving
fits right in
very sharp
Excellent For What You Get
Highly recommendable
wonderfull
toasts evenly
attractice
high power
very impressed
much cleaner
compliment
beauty
well done
absolutely no problems
thanks
according to my particular needs
Inexpense
I'm so happy I didn't spend
Nothing wrong
pretty cool
can't say enough good things
smart looking
fits in perfectly
have not noticed any extra
much nicer
who can beat
bigger
Simply
narrow
Definitely worth
still going strong
like it so much
really helps
really good
less time
not too big
attractive
will be purchasing another one
whiter
solved his problem too
fits grocery bags well
cheaper than
fits in
not the worst
pretty much useless
Well
Thanks
nothing to worry about
sucks!!!!
very fast
stopped working
tremendous
as advertised
always busy
fantastic
successfully cleaning
just what we were looking for
not run across any issues
never had problems
I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come
reasonably priced
fairly light
seems fine so far
fits perfectly
wonderful
nothing was overdone
superb
Very happy
serves its purpose
no problem
suprisingly long
Much less expensive to use than
Hope it lasts for years
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes
like a champ
Light
LOVE
very evenly
utilitarian
as described
attractive
no problem
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews
No frills
very impressed
Gets the job done
don't run out too fast
great option
can hardly do better
=)
Sleek
perfectly well
much earlier than
Only a couple minutes
Affordable
seems durable
thought were good
LOL :)!!!!
Recommend
still not half or a third as loud
Awesome
No complaints
solid
very easy
so much that you can do
hold sufficient
good amount
larger opening than
Gift From the Heavens
disgusting
within sight
saves time
not displeased
locks in the odors
doesn't have a problem
no problems
upgrade the rating from 3 to 5
life getting loads easier
piece of junk
Very pleased
great job
Never a Better
really good
Beautiful
sturdier
so beautiful
exact fit in
had some reservations
don't hesitate to purchase
Smart
AAA+ fast
plus
not had a problem
contained
out of the way
appreciate
would likely
fairly well
I'd give it five stars
satisfactory
LOVE
really can't go wrong with this
Fantastic
definitely recommend
very versatile
most definitely recommend
could easily pay more
more than i bargained for
easier
well satisfied
used nearly everyday
quite nice
very well
magically opens
really are good
very useful
fairly light
like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better
Excited
doesn't freak my cats out
ONLY complaint
well so far
STILL GOING STRONG
cheapest
better "mouse trap"
very well made
versatile
thrilled
I was initially skeptical
razor sharp
I had no idea
DON'T WAIT
fine aesthetically speaking
just like advertised
no complaints
satisfied
don't have to worry
super easy
even more pleased
in love
a lot easier to clean
pretty good looking
better tasting
loves
get the job done
exactly as advertised
sturdy
Very convenient
Perfect
lasted more than
Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!
Absolutly everything I expected
Very convenient
shiny
it's free
real time saver
blessing
nothing to worry about
initially pleased
especially liked
definitely recommend
need three or more
cinch
very well
sturdy
would have rated it higher
best way
really sold me
pleasure
very useful
can't recommend this beauty enough
Less waste/garbage
excellent job
isn't much weight
great job
very clear
No more half full ,wasted
AS DESCRIBED
thick enough to fit
Never an issue as I never have
who can complain
surprising
pretty much the same time
So farso good
lighter
Thank You
pleasant surprise
fix the issue I was having in one minute
Perfect
seriously LOVE
makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy
LOVE
definitely recommend
Highly recommend
Buy This
cash sucking
not very
set against the wall
at the same time
Do it now in One and a half min
Strong
fit well
definitely trust
LOVE
suits our purposes perfectly
severely overpriced
not one major issue
Survives
not get filled with water
takes care of the smell
never been disappointed
doesn't take long
flavorful
able to use
messy
faster than expected
Wish I had bought one ages ago
doesn't take up much
very lightweight
exactly right
not flapping around
no problems
low maintenance
nifty idea
STRONG
Increasing to 3 stars from one star
cannot believe that people have problems with this
Just what I needed
solid
flawlessly
eventualy pay for it's self
just as beautifully
hard to beat
plus
how well
Pretty good
Recommend
well-made
fulfillment center
look like new
quieter, than
totally awesome
BUY
will last longer
not had the lid fly open during storms
smallest
Upsides
comfortable
One of the Best
like a champ
Lots of compliments
had my reservations
no problem
limited life warranty
handy feature
fits perfectly
New incentive
pretty evenly
saved about
wins
Wish we had found it sooner
very satisfied
couldn't be simpler
quite well
seems sturdy
Nice
really easy
can't complain
less than a week
toasts both side of the bread evenly
cannot live without
Convenient
buy this one
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done
Great Fit
wonderful
still using
trooper
Awesome Gift
modern
heats the food more evenly
at once
SMALL
all made
no complaints thus far
cute
workmanlike
bought two
smooth
thought I needed
utilitarian
effortlessly
definitely recommend
really wide
good condition
gets everything out
excels
very flexible
in just few minutes
got wrapped up
save me money
Has a lot
ideal
better than you would expect
amazing in every way
will be purchasing
easily accomodate
going to loose a lot of my business
very high tech
should have one
Nice
Super
very well
seemingly great
Lots of fun
much smoother
very well
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy
Great alternative
consistent
fits into
Perfect
4 stars
extremely easy
holds more than
looking almost sci-fi
Not cheap-like
does everything I want
extremely light
Easy to understand
on time
will be using it more and more
favorite details
Notifies you
Versatile
plus
Does not deliver
Very quick
less than estimated
How did I live without it??
complimenting
Thank you so much
very handy
Enough
breaking out
as advertised
no leaks
eventually broke
definitely recommend
good deal
just right
hurtful
lot more
5 min i'm breakfast bound
but not so big
nothing to clean
saving on buying
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
use less
Much easier
Received exactly what was ordered
Easy fix
may be easier
perfectly measured
lovely
still nice
at twice
may make them last longer
hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly
great results
Hot Damn
can fit
Favorite
fits into
:)
worked as advertised
better clean
quicker
just as good
To sweeten the deal
wonderful
haven't had any problems so far
look forward to using this set of flatware for years
as advertised
attractive
five stars
get more in
Larger than
good deal
very long
very simple
wish everything could be that simple
Does exactly what I want it to do
don't notice
suficent
Nice
Nomore lugging heavy
PRICELESS
saved about 20$
never go back
it's not that small
makes the difference
real life saver
cheaper
snap
high powered
Quick
fairly non-stick
comfortable
LOVES
little better aim
way expensive
best in class
NEVER had a leaking problem
very clean
SUCKS
wonderful
No leaks
Nice
easy enough
more than
One of my biggest fears
not the loudest either
more pleasant
they are wrong
still running strong
heavy duty
flaw
Happy
so much better than
Cons: None so far
just want he wanted
Perfect for my needs
plus
Fantastic
not even need
quite easy
really get detergent out of my clothing
don't seem to be an issue
worth buying
handiest thing
remains hot
probably wont ever burnout
absolutely perfect
Even better
very sharp
pros
terribly
can actually vary
most important
loves
Audible
Perfect Alternative
Awsome
best choice
reasonably priced
making an effort to address the problem
like new
get rid of
LOVED
took only about 45min
smiling
LOVE
Thinking about getting one for my mom
warmer
amazed at how well
Plenty big
Win win for me
exceptional
wins
extra convenient
such a lovely
reduces wear
easy to understand
never let us down
Sure beats
advanced the art of cooking
smooth
loves
not weak
TONS
Solidly built
quite impressed
small price
handles all types
superior to
really attractive
Nice
attractive
most people favor
really hope whoever buys this enjoys it as much as I do
no dents
gone
fits perfectly
no issues
most well know
no more
glad i did
I'm SAVED
really cool
still works great
not like your typical
better job than
picks it all up
quite enjoying
fits under
not failed
Super
Absolutely love
steal
definite benefit
still am waiting to buy
very quiet
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner
smoothly
would buy it again
definitely a wise
no leaks
no more ugly
met my expectations
no air
Thanks
distinct sense that it will last forever
quiet enough
large full size
go for it
plenty sharp enough
seemed to not do anything
Thick
absolutely gorgeous
worthwhile
with ease
bought two
clean operation
well constructed
lives up to the claims
not been a problem
Totally worth
phenomenal
all we wanted
recommend this machine without any reservations
welcome change
no problem
really saves me time
no bad
"robust"
Authentic feel
quick fix
appreciate
rivals
Thanks
will purchase again in the future
best part
wonderful
attractive
Perfect
Nice
many useful
excited about
Well made
tightly
accomplished
TEN YEAR WARRANTY
lighter
much quieter
Does not purchase
easy cleaning
buy this one
really not an issue
extremely satisfied
much quicker
less expensive than
Hoorah
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week
good news
still going strong
absolutely love
ideal
high expectations
saved my messy room
most flavorful
couldn't be any more handy
Wonderful
not greasy
seem so much cleaner
stellar
can't believe
Plus
by far the best
pros are an ongoing list
Fun
great job
elegant
didn't work as well
Appreciated
SO PLEASED
Soooo quiet
no need
still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it
no need
not noticed any
particularly cool
inefficient
VERY good
Nice
Great idea
I would buy another one
no issues
going strong
faster than
capabilities
very nice sized
can't see how it would get dented
particularly liked
no complaints
Great idea
got lots of
glad my stainless steel toaster died
boil in under two minutes
cooks food evenly
WOW
would buy another
recommend it without hesitation
very positively impressed
So glad I found this
lives up to the name
takes me a fourth of the time
this is the garbage you need
very hot
looks like it is going to do
stays fresh
remarkably
will probably have to change
PERFECT
extremely well
not as tall
contains the odor well
Nice
going to be a pleasure
really enjoy
Fabulous
less than $50 now
more than I can say for those last two $50+ models
most
like that one very much
Neat
very useful
so glad
evenness
helps cook food more evenly
Slightly larger than
liking it very much
IMPROVED OVER
cheep- small
Attractive
simply wonderful
extra space
sturdy
going well
no stink
every day
little gem
no problems
really useful
trouble free
big sell
cannot go wrong
doesn't play Jingle Bells
Cool
not One Complaint
Nice
much quieter than I expected
Simple solution
Nice
doesnt stink
Glad
neater
truly a thing of the future
well made
Nice hot
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
top of the line
totally pleased
flavorful
little helper
slight improvement
undamaged
Truly amazed
stable
no discernible difference
lambasted for poor
still have no regrets
BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD
BEST
very sharp
turned black
securely
to top it all off
No lugging it from a cart to my car
cleverly marked
has to keep the spreading of germs down also
neatly
:)
hilarious
really worth
maintainable
doesn't take up as much
don't miss
all manner
always had good luck
quite a bit
still going strong
solved those problems
cute
still works like new
really glad
so far no problems
not annoying like some others
no more
able to spin handwashed items just good
dependably well
absolutly the best
No need
so easy
actually buying two sets as Christmas presents
very straight
recommend it highly
glad I didn't buy
satisfied
Perfect
Almost perfect
great start
not too loud
No issues
loves
fit really well
with aplomb
can not believe
Very happy
no problem
1 fresh
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be
get compliments
:)
still look brand new
lightning fast
5 stars
very neat
expect to use it for many years
giant step up
adequate
keeper
very reasonably priced
unbeatable
stayed dry
nice sleek
NICE
may be useful
does exactly what it is supposed to
fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily
$50 a month
surpassed my expectations
had no issues at all
lot of special
very cool
actually real sturdy
reccomend
easy to remove
well made
sturdy
fit it perfectly
works as advertised
Not necessary
larger capacity than I expected
lost until the new one arrived
relatively nice
feels futuristic
no complaints
quite helpful
fit anywhere
done in less than ten minutes
WELL MADE
hidden
could be so fun
Better than expected
phenomally well
know we will have years of use
still going to rate the product 5 stars
going strong
Just the right
light weight
flawlessly
wish we had bought it a few years ago
looks a lot better real life
fits under
very low
quite simple
not had any critters
Plenty
solid
Best bang
Thank goodness
Forget all of those expensive
sleek
Perfect
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come
Very sturdy
even better than
Useful
handsome affect
never have to worry
very easy
:)
just buy it
too much for me
Never again would I have trouble
poorly toasted
VERY expensive
Very positively impressed
does not take up
Happy
save big
so far, so good
amazingly well
very small concerns
This Shit Makes My Morning
very quickly
flawlessly
gets everything clean
wonderful
Nice
Wonderful
Amazing
keeps it hot enough
at about a third of the volume
You will be glad you did
Just what you would expect
with this machine that's definitely not true
consistently well
Attractive
super
Perfect Solution
as strong
MAIN reason I bought this
very well
rejoice
spend $25-$30
super quick
as clean
solid
Highly recommend
can be handy
promptly
best part
Better than expected
wonderful
not nearly as loud and irritating
ideal
hotter than
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so
Tasty
7 very nice
not even a word for it
still on the batteries that came with this
Highly recommended
paid for itself several times over
real bargain
decreased dramatically
very helpful
hello
ideal
washed perfectly
accurate
almost looks like
deep enough
fans
hassles
dependable
Reasonably priced
Will Pay for Itself
no problems
Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane
restaurant quality tasty
very sturdy
suprised
winner
always sharp
which were NOT there
still better
BETTER THAN
Very light
lots of
lowered significantly
pretty good
so glad
very close to what you find in Italy
ingenious
intuitive
reasonable
take the washer
wonderful
That feeling I had of wasting money, quickly went away
won't miss doing that anymore
like a champ
no special orders necessary
fit my needs
paying for itself
lasts for a very long time
2 minutes
does the whole slice
works just fine
still thanking me
haven't experienced any problems
NEVER buy
nifty
very smooth operating
froths milk easily
not too
bottled up
Bright
surprisingly
very impressed
BUY IT
very easy
very well thought out
no problems
easy trouble shoot
will be pleased
really cleans
Very powerful
STILL gave this set 5 stars
plus
isn't easy to use
doesn't take long
buy it
versatile
very evenly
really fast
Very good
fresher looking
Cooks evenly
more pleased
added bonus
unmatched
definitely recommend
how easy
Nice
solid
NO MORE
perfectly fine
quite posh
in hopes of making cooking a little easier
very well
Good bang
technically great tasting
plenty hot
fantastic help
getting tired of
can't be beat
good choice
very straight forward fashion
like a night light
very simple
very fast
very satisfied
congrats
not hold up
snap
couldn't be happier
modern looking
very simple
always done
not a problem for us
Cute
Should have bought
neatly
very stylish
very satisfied
would do spelndidly
it hasn't snapped off
Thank you
very evenly
better then
As a fan
very well
true money saver
WONDERFUL
plenty hot
jerk around with
surprisingly large
ready to buy another
surprised how much
most useful
So happy
stylish
What a pain compared to
make an effort to rectify the problem
still thanking me
doesn't slam or make any noises
can get the Hoover bags at almost
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither
fits quite well
twice the cost
like a champ
significantly less detergent than
fit perfectly
very well
only toasted part
Happy
still large enough
easy to fill
really happy
rocks
fits into
something fancier than
Nice
very large
makes me hear an angelic chorus
Functional
best part
sturdy
No complaints
elegant
very accurate
much bolder
serves its purpose well
get what you pay for
dies on me after many years
more accommodating
fit very nicely
works just as well
very accessible
sure like
feel like I get a little workout from it too
still love
high tech
attractive
little skeptical
Love love love
So much better than
fairly powerful
So far, so good
meets my needs very well
don't get mangled
securely
alluring
can live with that
wonderful
recomend
No more noisy,  crowded, dirty
no complaints
Wonderful
best option
very simple
Enjoy
1/10
fancy
not had any issues
Not good, great
are too hard
BETTER THAN
so good
uneven toasting
little plasticky
useful
have not seen any cracks
larger than
trust
Extremely Satisfied
doesn't take up much space
Cool
really comes in handy
really good
no complaints so far
absolutely love
seemed to be it
