If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.
Great Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.
Coffe maker just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend Coffe maker to others.
Easy to use
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings
DeLongi maker works like a champ
Love DeLongi maker.
Solidly built product.
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.
I have had no problems with the hot water side.
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.
I especially like the carafe warming plate.
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned coffee maker a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, espresso machine has not given me any problems yet.
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.
Great Coffemaker
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.
Nice coffee maker
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.
It works fairly simply.
great product
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.
I would definitely recommend this product.
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.
I love several features.
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.
The design is attractive.
Love the the singer serve.
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.
This sucker makes the best coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.
I recommend sucker for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.
Love this machine!
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.
Shipping time was less than estimated.
Happy with the product and service.
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.
Great coffee easy to use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.
It makes a great cup of coffee.
Better than the Kurig.
Great maker for the price
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.
Much less expensive to use than Kurig
Good cup of coffee.
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.
I was very happy with my purchase.
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.
Thank you so much for your quality service.
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.
great buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.
best coffe pot i have had
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love automatic latte maker.
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys automatic latte maker as much as I do!!!!
Great coffemaker for the price
I love this coffeemaker.
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.
This is a very nice product.
shipped fast,works great
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.
took it out of box and was using right away, great.
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.
The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2.
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
Decent for a decent price
Other than that, it makes great coffee.
A Fine Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.
Great coffee maker!
I love this coffee maker.
It brews good coffee, very quickly.
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.
A timer is very useful.
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.
We are very pleased with this purchase!
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)
8 years of great coffee
We have never had problems with coffee pot up until about a week ago.
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.
Wonderful coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.
The coffee it makes is outstanding.
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.
Good Mill & Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.
Love coffee pot
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.
I think it is safe to say product is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!
I'd recommended Espresso Machine as the perfect gift or addition to your home.
Definitely worth the cost!
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!
wonderfull coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.
I love that coffee stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.
No burnt or bitter taste.
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily
brews great coffee
Love the timer feature.
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes
Makes excellent coffee!
I love this coffeemaker.
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!
I cannot believe that people have problems with machine:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.
You CAN froth milk nicely.
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.
It is an excellent shot.
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with machine.
machine is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.
I can recommend this brand/model.
Awesome Coffeepot!
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!
It makes great espressos!
We even use it to make mochas!
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.
Satisfied Customer!
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.
I recommend it without hesitation,
Works Great
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.
A nice coffee machine
Makes good coffee.
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, storage water filtered.
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, Cusinart Grind-and-Brew's gotta be good.
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.
Good Knives for the Money
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.
I seriously LOVE these knives.
I had to replace my other set because they broke and fell apart.
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and knives are great!
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.
knives are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because knives really are good.
Love these knives
Bought a set of these about 10 years ago at a fund raiser for our local FD and knives are still almost as sharp as they day we bought them.
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.
Better than my ja Henckels
I have some very good knives but can definitely see set of knives getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel set of knives will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives
To that end: the forks are perfect!
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.
Great knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.
knives are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.
A Decent Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.
Aside from that they work well.
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.
It feels great in your hand and works very well.
The price is unbelievable.
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.
I don't understand the few real negative ones.
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.
The knife block is angled so it can be placed on the countertop under a cabinet and the knives removed.
Nice Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.
Good, neat looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...flatware is decent and looks good.
They are wonderful.
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love forks, and we are using them for a bridal shower.
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.
great flatware
so glad I purchased this item.
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).
Great set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.
Fun purchase!
I absolutely love this cutlery set.
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..
I purchased the larger size setOneida Tuscany 45-Piece Flatware Set, Service for 8, then decided to add an additional 4 place settings...very happy with my decision.
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.
They work well and have a nice size and texture.
Good qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."
The wood block looks very nice too.
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.
The knives surely are very sharp.
knives are all very well balanced.
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.
I have not had a need to use the shapening rod yet.
After 3 separate uses of the knives, at different times, the knives were quickly washed with warm water and soap and dried at once.
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).
This is a very nice knife set for the price.
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.
Great product at a reasonable price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.
Now our knives are always sharp.
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.
Best bang for the buck!
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?
great product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.
Great Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.
I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
Great knives!!
These are some really good knives for the money!!
knives are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying knives!
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, disposable flatware did the trick.
I will most definitely order these again.
The block and knives are well constructed.
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.
The controls are great, microwave's really good looking, and it works fine.
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.
It is a powerful oven.
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.
Good, Versatile Microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.
Great for the small area I needed for.
Good for cooking and warming.
Black with white lettering is very attractive.
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!
Very happy with this purchase!
Great and powerful microwave
microwave's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.
Great product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.
Good microwave for the price
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.
18 month old loves it!
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.
This is a cute oven.
It arrived in good time and was as described.
Overall this is a decent microwave.
I think the style and look is good.
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.
You can enter time and press cook and it works.
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.
Great Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.
The product far exceeds expectations.
I would recommend this product to a friend.
Huge Microwave
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.
Defrost a snap.
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.
I highly recommend microwave!
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.
Great mico wave.
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.
Great purchase!
microwave came within two days and everything was where it should be.
I've had microwave now for about two weeks and its great!
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.
We glued them on and microwave works.
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!
Very good quality.
Easy to use and to clean.
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.
Great Microwave!
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.
Powerful, Even Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.
Great for the price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.
It's a great family-size unit.
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves it  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.
Works Great
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.
We use the microwave 2 times a day.
Like the new technology
very nice unit.
Plenty of room, easy to use.
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China
Excellent Microwave
Looks great and works great.
I especially like the buttons and controls.
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.
Good little microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.
I like the overall design and ease of this product.
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.
At about $250, it was a real bargain.
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying unit.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).
Works really well
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.
Micro is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.
And out of the box, microwave has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.
Well made little machine.
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.
Compact unit works great, so far.
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.
microwave takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.
Very nice microwave for a very small price!
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.
works quite well
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since unit can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.
Fabulous features!
We love our new microwave!
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)
No complaints thus far for this microwave!
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.
It is fairly big...
It is most certainly powerful.
Great product, great price.
I really like this large microwave, microwave is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.
I would recommend this for the price.
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.
I LOVE this microwave!
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."
Very nice microwave.
Came packaged securely.
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.
I would definitely recommend this applicance.
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part Microwave works fine.
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.
Heard all good comments on this one.
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.
microwave's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.
microwave dies on me after many years.
The internal is large.
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.
Working like a champ
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy microwave again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.
Good microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.
microwave ideal for students and working people.
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.
Great Microwave
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.
We're happy with Panasonic microwave.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered Panasonic microwave.
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).
The power is great (1:20 for tea).
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.
It's a winner for me.
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.
very nice microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.
Recommend this microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.
Deeper heating.
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.
Customer is happy.
Very good for the price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.
The oven performs as advertised.
Large size good for our purpose.
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.
Great purchase.
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.
It works great.
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But Microwave Is A Good One
Easy to operate.
Authentic feel to the controls.
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.
Still discovering its capabilities.
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.
Great microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.
Cooks evenly and looks nice.
Great Toaster!
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.
It is perfect!
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.
Nice for the price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.
And toaster oven looks really cool.
consistent toast
The browning dial works consistently well.
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.
toaster is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, toaster's great.
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.
Its performance is so much better than my old one.
Color & quality are great
The color is perfect for the kitchen.
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.
It does the job.
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.
Absolutely love this toaster.
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.
It won't hurt the oven but you toast won't get direct radiant heat from the lower heating elements.This is great for toast and bagels using the variable width pop-up, and for croissants, pastries and warming pizza slices etc in the small oven.
It works just like advertised.
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.
Wonderful Toaster
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.
It works great and I would highly recommend toaster.
Reasonably priced2.
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.
Cool touch sides5.
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.
Great features!
This toaster is awesome!
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.
Working well so far,good quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.
This is one of those.
Way better than McDonalds!
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher!
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.
toaster is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.
All of the functions work as expected.
Price was competitive.
Excellent toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend toaster to others.
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.
It  worth what we paid for it.
good toaster
Great Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.
Breville Does the Toasting Good
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.
This thing rocks!
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.
totally awesome toaster!
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.
I would totally recomend this product.
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.
Great product!!
I love this toaster.
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.
Works very well
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with toaster.
And we can toast 4 slices at once!
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also toaster's very pretty.
Good looking, multiple features and great performance
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.
It toasted like a champ!
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.
Toasts Bagels great
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.
Would have expected toaster to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.
It works fine for me.
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.
And it's find for this price!
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!
Excellent toaster for two slice
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.
It provides fast and even toasting every time.
toaster's attractice and the price is exceptional.
Love this toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.
The progress indicator is great.
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.
Best toaster I've ever had
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.
I'm very pleased with the toaster.
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.
The smallest quality Toaster oven around
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.
I love Toaster Oven!
I love stainless steel toaster!
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.
This red toaster is so beautiful!
I'm exaggerating but toaster does not weigh much.
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.
Nice toaster.
This is a nice toaster.
Toasts well and evenly.
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.
awesome product
the guys love the product they use product every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.
Like toaster oven and maybe love it!!
I think this toaster oven is a great size!
Works really well too.
BUT other than that it is a great product.
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.
Love It!
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small
Worked perfect for me.
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.
Great product
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like toaster.
I would recommend toaster also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space toaster's really wide.
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.
And it is compact and looks good.
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.
When our toaster died, a bit of research made oven seem like such a great idea.
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.
The bagel setting is particularly cool.
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.
A Great Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.
Thank You for a Great Product.
good for price
we like it and is serves its purpose.
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.
excellent for the $$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.
Excellent value for the money.
Compact 4 slice unit
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.
I however saw it at a friend's and realized toaster was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
First one I bought didn't work at all.
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine
The little toaster oven that could!
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.
toaster oven will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!
It's still going strong.
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.
Looks pretty
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.
Sturdy toaster
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.
Proctor Silex good.
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.
We love this toaster oven.
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.
Much better than turning on the oven.
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.
"It's ingenious.
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.
Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.
These cans are very fashionable.
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.
Price is excellent.
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.
would highly recommend this purchase.
LOVE garbage pail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.
Yes Trashcan is expensive, but so worth it to me!
I love not having a top.
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.
13 gallon kitchen bags fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
They fit nicely and you can fill 13 gallon kitchen bags completely.
Great Trash Can
It looks great and is stylish.
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.
It works great and I love the trash can.
Great product
Love the quality of this manufacturer.
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.
And kids love using it (another plus)...
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.
We have had no issues with garbage can.
Very happy with garbage can.
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend garbage can!
Great product
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.
We love product.
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.
We'd recommend it highly.
This is a great quality and value.
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.
Great product
Great trash can for outside.
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.
got a replacement and it works great .
Awesome Trash Can!
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.
I even like changing the bag.
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.
Great Trash can for the money
I have had this for about a month now and Trash can works great.
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.
For the money this is a great buy.
We like can
we are happy with can.
YES. BUY garbage can IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course garbage can is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
Anyway, yes garbage can is very nice, and holds a lot.
Nice little waste can.
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.
Great little trash can!
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
Excited about a garbage can?
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).
LOVE outdoor trash bags for our pool area
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.
Great buy at a great price
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why garbage can threw me off.
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!
fits under a massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.
Great product!
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.
The sensor is very accurate.
Works great.
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
This can is nice and narrow.
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.
The picture is very accurate.
Favorite trash can
Thick material.
Colors are great.
Score another win for simplehuman!
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).
So far this has been great.
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but trash can suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.lid's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.
Great step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.
Glad we made this purchase.
Cool garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.
Easy to change bags.
I love the motion sensor open feature.
garbage can has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.
Price is also a big plus.
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.
I love this can.
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.
Skipping around about a garbage can!
I'm really happy with this purchase!
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.
Great trash can!
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!
Shadows even keep it open.
Great quality and it looks great!
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.
This can is great for its value.
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
fits grocery bags well
Love it!!!
Love it!
So much better than any others I have had!
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that trashcan is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.
This is it - it's perfect.
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.
We are very pleased with this purchase.
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea.
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.
I am very pleased with my purchase.
Great price for both.
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.
Easy to clean.
Motion sensor works really good.
Arrived fast and undamaged.
I'm very happy with this purchase.
This basket is sturdy and well made.
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.
Thanks iTouchless!
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.
They clean easily.
This trash can solves both problems.
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.
it is a nice trash can.
Great alternative to SimpleHuman
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.
Nice trash can
I really like this trash can.
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.
well built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.
Very please with both products.
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa
Seems like a solid product..
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.
It's easy to put the bags in and out.
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen
Well made/durable product.
Easy to instal.
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
Love Product!
Product works great.
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!
Love Product, Love it, Love it!
Love it, Love Product, Love it!
Love it, Love it, Love Product!
The best trash bin EVER
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.
This wastebasket is working perfectly.
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.
Love the iTouchless.
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!
Great trash can, works flawlessly.
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.
Like it
I like that I can lock it on top.
The trash can met my expectations.
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!
Overall a great purchase though!
Just the right size
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.
Nothing wrong with can!
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of can's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), can slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.
It fit well when assembled.
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.
Overall great purchase for the price.
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but trash can is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.
We have had absolutely no problems with iTouchless; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.
Very nice product, highly recommend product to others.
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!
Love product.
I cannot live without this garbage can!
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.
The pedal has not failed.
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet trash can's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.
Best trash can ever
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in trash can's great.
For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.
great vacuum, great price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.
Never a Better Vacuum
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!
Love it!
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.
Easy fix for no suction
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.
Powerful for its size
I am very happy with its performance.
Powerful for its size.
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.
This vac picks it all up and darned well.
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.
We Love this Vacuum
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.
auto retracting cord makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.
Nobody does it like you!
Best "stick" vacuum ever!
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!
We highly recommend this vacuum.
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.
It 'feels' better than others.
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.
best cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...
I love little vacuum!!!!
A little vacuum with big power!
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!vacuum cleaner is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.
Batteries are great.
The charge on these batteries is good.
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get vac.
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.
its so small and compact and easy to store.
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.
Two batteries a plus!
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.
Great machine and deal!
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.
I love Vac .
Lite to use but strong power.
The attachments work great.
Very easy to empty dust cup.
Wonderful Vacuum
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!
What a great purchase!
Great Little Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.
but overall i would say it is worth the money.
When first got it the suction was great.
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.
Best stick vac yet
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.
This one's a keeper.
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!
This vaccum sucks!!!!
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!
This is the best stick vac ive owned.
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.
Great for Pet Hair
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.
Pleased with this product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.
I would like product a bit quieter, but the suction is good.
I love the automatic cord wind up.
The Hoover stick works very well.
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.
Love the ease of use.
Grab the Linx!
Grab the Linx Cleaner!
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.
BUY THIS VACUUM!
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.
Easy to use, and empty.
Works great!
Has a lot of power.
Happy with it.
Great price, would recommend to anyone.
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.
I use it for the whole house!
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and Wonder Washer paid for itself quickly.
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!
I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job!
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and dirty clothes are nice and clean.
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.
This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.
Works good.
Other than that, it's a good product overall.
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.
But it is better than you would expect.
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.
I recommend it highly!
You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.
I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube.
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.
They smell so fresh.
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.
Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver!
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.
Aquarium tubing works great.
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.
Tide makes a good one.
have not used it yet just got it today, but dryer looks like it is going to do the job.
Useful little machine
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.
good product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.
My wife and I are satisfied with it.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.
I had no problems with the return.
The replacement works fine.
I absolutely love this product!
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.
I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues.
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!
Haier Compact Washer's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love Haier Compact Washer.
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!
Wonderful Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.
wonderful machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.
I like this washer a lot.
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.
Love the machine.
Love the features!
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.
Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time.
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.
washer was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!
Largest wash load took only about 45min.
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.
Don't Think About It...Just Buy washer!!
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.
I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me.
This is good because you know washer is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get hose in perfect with no spraying etc.
hose comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.
I took them out and was pleased to see that pair of white shorts were back to their normal self.
machine gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!
This is one nifty little machine.
It's very easy to assemble and operate.
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.
Great little machine
I use it for my kids clothes and machine is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!
Easy to set up and works great!
At this price this thing is well worth the money.
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.
This thing is great.
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.
I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin.
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.
Great product.
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .
the best back pack washer
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.
How did I live without it??
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither.
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear washer in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so washer's awesome.
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...
So, washer does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.
Just follow instructions and it works great!
It's done everything it said it would do.
I can highly recommend it to my friends.
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and purchase is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.
It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!
Great little washer - Love it !
This machine is a very good investment.
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).
If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.
I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place.
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.
Happy with my purchase
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.
Works exactly as advertised
While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either.
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.
