Great, if it worked properly
This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.
You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat.
Also the clock kept losing the time.
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.
If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.
Great Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought this for him.
Easy to use
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings
DeLongi maker works like a champ
Love it.
I just wish it came with a carafe.
Solidly built product.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.
I have had no problems with the hot water side.
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.
I especially like the carafe warming plate.
It has a low, medium and high setting.
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
Not necessary with this machine.
My carafe does leak when I pour the water in but frankly, I have never had one that did not leak.
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
coffee lovers machine
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned its a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!
You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200.
It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
Great espresso machine with a few cons
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, it has not given me any problems yet.
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.
If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly.
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
Great Coffemaker
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.
I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great.
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.
Nice coffee maker
I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.
It works fairly simply.
great product
This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.
I would definitely recommend this product.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate.
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.
kind of a pain to operate this thing.
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.
i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
I love several features.
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.
The design is attractive.
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.
I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water.
pot not working.
I had two coffemakers.
Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.
Love the the singer serve.
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.
Lots of sputtering.
This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.
Called the company.
They were useless to help me.
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.
This sucker makes the best coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.
I recommend this for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.
If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting.
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.
For everything in between you can just keep it on medium.
Love this machine!
Coffee Maker
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.
Shipping time was less than estimated.
Happy with the product and service.
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.
The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month.
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
Great coffee easy to use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.
It makes a great cup of coffee.
Better than the Kurig.
So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.
Great maker for the price
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.
Much less expensive to use than Kurig
Good cup of coffee.
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.
We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.
I found it cumbersome to operate.
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
The design is irritating beyond belief.
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?
********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!
One to two pots a day and I got used to the features after a few weeks.
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.
Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.
Sparkles like new!
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
Dies after 1 1/2 years
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water.
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss it out.
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.
We use the same brand, and sometimes it comes out without a crema.
Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker
I was very happy with my purchase.
Thank you so much for your quality service.
great espresso but no room for larger cup
This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it.
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?
What machine can't do this?
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
Buyer Beware!
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.
I should add that I use only spring water,have cleaned the two "needles" that puncture the K-cups and have even cleaned it with vinegar as recommended.For those who are considering buying this product,do a Google search on it and you will see countless numbers of people who have had the problem I am having and ones much worse.
great buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.
best coffe pot i have had
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
The best product ever received
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love it.
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.
Great coffemaker for the price
I love this coffeemaker.
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.
This is a very nice product.
shipped fast,works great
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.
took it out of box and was using right away, great.
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -
Great concept - Terrible execution!
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price
I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version.
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.
Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans.
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.
It will also shorten the life of the machine.
Clean the brew mechanism once a week.
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
Use spring water instead of tap water.
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc.
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.
As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino?
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.
The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long.
If you are planning to serve cappuccino at dinner parties, then you are committing Italian heresy - cappuccino is only served in the morning.CONS1.
The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2.
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.
Super double espresso in an espresso cup.
I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense.
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
Decent for a decent price
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into it due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
Other than that, it makes great coffee.
Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.
A Fine Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.
Great coffee maker!
I love this coffee maker.
It brews good coffee, very quickly.
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.
Not worth the $$
I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price.
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe.
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.
The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out.
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.
And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it.
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.
Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long.
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks.
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex.
Thanks for nothing, China!
Wow, convenient and good looking
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.
A timer is very useful.
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.
One can of course keep on using regular filter.
The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop.
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.
The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
If you can handle this it's a good coffee maker.
We are very pleased with this purchase!
We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)
8 years of great coffee
We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago.
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.
Wonderful coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.
The coffee it makes is outstanding.
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.
Good Mill & Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.
Love it
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
Compared to a My K-Cup, this wins
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.
I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue.
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.
I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted).
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.
It just recently started leaking..
If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.
Spoke with Melitta customer service.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.
This has to be a design flaw.
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!
I'd recommended this as the perfect gift or addition to your home.
(Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
Definitely worth the cost!
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!
wonderfull coffee
I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday.
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.
I love that it stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.
No burnt or bitter taste.
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily
I have trusted Melita.
I had this coffee maker for 4 months.
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.
I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
brews great coffee
Love the timer feature.
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes
Makes excellent coffee!
I love this coffeemaker.
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!
I cannot believe that people have problems with this:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with this one.
It is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.
I can recommend this brand/model.
Awesome Coffeepot!
We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice.
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!
It makes great espressos!
We even use it to make mochas!
Coffee Maker
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
Satisfied Customer!
I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one.
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.
I recommend it without hesitation,
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.
Works Great
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
If you like your coffee extra hot, you won't get it that way with this pot.
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
A nice coffee machine
Makes good coffee.
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.
Not happy with this item at all.
Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS.
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, its filtered.
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.
$30 for 4 really?
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good.
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.
Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.
It only produced 16 oz.
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
Good Knives for the Money
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.
I seriously LOVE these knives.
I had to replace my other set because they broke and fell apart.
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and these are great!
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.
They are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because they really are good.
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.
Love these knives
Bought a set of these about 10 years ago at a fund raiser for our local FD and they are still almost as sharp as they day we bought them.
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.
Better than my ja Henckels
I bought this set of knives for our house down the shore to replace the procut generic knives we inherited with the house.
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
I have some very good knives but can definitely see these getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel these will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
To that end: the forks are perfect!
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!
If you dont wash and dry these knives off directly after using them you probably wont have them long.
Great knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.
There are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.
A Decent Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.
Aside from that they work well.
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.
Fabulous value for everyday use
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.
It feels great in your hand and works very well.
The price is unbelievable.
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
I read many of the previous reviews before I bought.
I don't understand the few real negative ones.
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.
The knife block is angled so it can be placed on the countertop under a cabinet and the knives removed.
Nice Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.
Good, neat looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...this is decent and looks good.
Not Stainless Steel
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.
They showed spots after a couple of washings!
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.
Guess they were simply stainless steel coated.
Don't buy these knives.
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love them, and we are using them for a bridal shower.
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.
great flatware
so glad I purchased this item.
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.
Great set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!
Sketchy Advertising
The set I found elsewhere (since I believe in handling my potential purchases so I can read what the label actually says) uses German steel.
The knives are assembled in Spain, the block and sharpening post made in China and the scissors made in Japan.
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.
Fun purchase!
I absolutely love this cutlery set.
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.
I am sure I could have exchanged them for another set, but in the end they are just spoons.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..
A Classic Style
I purchased the larger size setOneida Tuscany 45-Piece Flatware Set, Service for 8, then decided to add an additional 4 place settings...very happy with my decision.
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.
I somehow manage to lose all my cutlery.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.
They work well and have a nice size and texture.
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
Gotta stop taking spoons and knives to work!
Good qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer
Excellent value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."
The wood block looks very nice too.
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.
Google Ginsu Knives before you go further.
Ginsu Chikara nives
This is an eight peice set which includes the bamboo stand, scissors and a shapening rod as well.
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.
The knives surely are very sharp.
They are all very well balanced.
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.
I have not had a need to use the shapening rod yet.
Bought this set so that I could use it on Thanksgiving but realized after cutting up my turkey for left overs that the larger knife ended up having ridges on the blade from bending.
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").
After 3 separate uses of the knives, at different times, the knives were quickly washed with warm water and soap and dried at once.
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.
Is it because of the type of steel used?, the forging process?, metal treatment?, or whatever else may be, I do not know.
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.
That is just not true with this product.
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!
Ginsu Chikara Knife Set
This is a very nice knife set for the price.
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.
I probalby will never use all the knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives
These knives cut okay, not great, but okay.
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.
I ended up in ER for slicing my finger whilst trying to take them out of their packaging!
Great product at a reasonable price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.
Now our knives are always sharp.
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.
Best bang for the buck!
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?
Worst knives ever...seriously
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.
The worst part...I decided that since I bought new knives I wouldn't wash them in the dishwasher.
They are crap.
Don't waste your time or your money on these.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.
great product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.
Great Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
Great knives!!
These are some really good knives for the money!!
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, these did the trick.
I will most definitely order these again.
Inexpense but well crafted
The block and knives are well constructed.
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.
My only complaint is the edge.
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.
tried returning but its out of warranty,,serious junk,,stay away.
The controls are great, it's really good looking, and it works fine.
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.
Nice oven with a few drawbacks
Our twelve-year-old Kenmore finally died.
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
It is a powerful oven.
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).
Operating noise is very low.
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.
Turning off the beep function also turns off the end-of-cycle beep.
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.
"Conclusion:Although not perfect, we are satisfied overall after using this unit for two months.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
Good, Versatile Microwave
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.
Panasonic NN-Sn651B Genius 1.2 cuft-Watt Sensor Microwace
Great for the small area I needed for.
Good for cooking and warming.
Black with white lettering is very attractive.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.
So, I did what I said I'd never do and buy an appliance online.
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.
Contact authorized dealer."
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.
Kenmore elite black 1.5 cu.ft. countertop Microwave w/ TruecookPlus
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!
Very happy with this purchase!
Great and powerful microwave
I have a similar model at home, but I bought this for the office.
It's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.
Great product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
Good microwave for the price
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.
It's small but the measurements listed it as being 11.5 x 19.5 x 14 1/5 and the measurements are actually 11.5 x 17 x 10.
The inside of it measures 10 3/4 wide and 11.5 deep.
This is ok if the largest thing you're heating up is a dinner plate.
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.
I had to cut the paper towel I usually place on top of the bacon to reduce splatters the exact shape of the plate because it kept catching on the walls and folding up.
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but it's a little too small for our needs.
18 month old loves it!
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.
It has buttons with food pictures that you press to choose a time, and then you press start.
The turntable spins, and it light up, whirrs and beeps just like the real thing.
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.
This is a cute oven.
But it's a second microwave for me, so I use the higher-wattage one if I need more power.
Mostly bought it for looks!
It arrived in good time and was as described.
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.
As it is a second microwave which I mostly bought for looks, I may see if it is worth repairing.
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.
Too bad.
Typical microwave
Overall this is a decent microwave.
I think the style and look is good.
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.
You can enter time and press cook and it works.
It has a power button that reduces cooking power by reducing continuous cooking energy, not, as most do, by cycling on/off at full power.
This is good, but the button is stupid.
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.
There's also a "smart reheat" button that's great.
It heats until it senses steam/heat given off the food.
But it's also stupid, since there's no control over the power level.
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)
There's a "Smart Cook" button, that also cooks by sensing the steam/heat given off by the food.
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.
Great Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile
Kenmore 1.2 cu. ft. TrueCookPlus Countertop Microwave -6633
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.
The product far exceeds expectations.
I would recommend this product to a friend.
Huge Microwave
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.
4 yeas and going strong
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.
Defrost a snap.
I have really got my monies worth..
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.
I have had this microwave about a month now.
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.
Great mico wave.
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.
Great purchase!
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
I've had it now for about two weeks and its great!
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.
As soon as I opened the box, it took me like one minute tops and I slowly and carefully removed it with no trace of the sticker even having been there.
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.
product good - shipment no
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.
Died within 4 months of purchase
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!
Microwave Oven
Very good quality.
Easy to use and to clean.
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.
Great Microwave!
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but it generates NO heat whatsoever.
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for it.
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.
Extremely Satisfied User
I was on the hunt for a larger countertop microwave when I found this one on Amazon.
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.
Powerful, Even Heater
We use a microwave primarily to heat up cooked foods and liquids, bake potatoes and pop popcorn.
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.
Terrible Product - Don't Buy
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.
I called Panasonic because it was still under warranty and they gave me a case number to have the microwave repaired.
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
We have definitely made some changes and can't wait to finally get our microwave back.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.
Can't believe they wouldn't just send me a new one rather than have me go to a repair shop.
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!
Never Buy Panasonic again
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.
Bought at the end of August and just died on me tonight when I was making popcorn.
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
Great for the price
I bought a new house and needed a countertop unit.
After searching through the stores and online, I finally decided on this model.
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.
It's a great family-size unit.
One hot micro
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves it  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Bought this microwave for a trip to Yellowstone NP in June '10.
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?
Most microwave ovens have a rotating plate inside with several inches to the side where the magnetron that provides heating power resides and the displays are situated.
This one places the magnetron below, along with the displays; the interior exactly surrounds the 11 inch rotating plate.
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.
Works Great
I purchased this item about a month ago and I love it.
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.
We use the microwave 2 times a day.
Like the new technology
very nice unit.
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.
Plenty of room, easy to use.
Dimensions: 20" x 15" x 12" (W x D x H)
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China
Excellent Microwave
Looks great and works great.
I especially like the buttons and controls.
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.
Good little microwave
We bought it to use in the workshop.
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.
I like the overall design and ease of this product.
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.
Panasonic 1.2 cuft 1200-Watt Sensor Microwave
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home
We reheat in the microwave all week, plus there are lots of other non-dinner microwave projects.
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.
On a related note, we now religiously employ a microwave food cover to avoid spatters and the "floor" is always covered with a (non-rotating) paper towel to keep the cavity in like-new condition.
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.
At about $250, it was a real bargain.
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying this.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.
the user interface.
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.
Are you softening a quart of ice cream or a stick of butter?
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.
Review of Panasonic Microwaves
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).
Works really well
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.
There is a Child Proofing adjustment and I wonder if perhaps they set that by mistake?
This is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.
After 5 years of using an inverter microwave, the choice was clear - just get the same model we had.
That's this Panasonic.
And out of the box, it has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.
When following directions to microwave a food product for 1 minute 30 seconds, you must schedule 2 minutes and stand by to stop it at 1:30.
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.
Well made little machine.
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.
Compact unit works great, so far.
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.
It takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.
Very nice microwave for a very small price!
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.
I own a number of Panasonic products.
So we bought this Panasonic.
I am very disappointed with this unit!
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.
During the heating the microwave was loud enough to drown the noise of the fan.
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.
Just put the food in, and press the button.
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.
If I end up using one of these features in the future, I'll update this review with the new info.All in all, it's a great machine.
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.
works quite well
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since it can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: it is small, and I mean SMALL...
I bought this microwave for the sole purpose of....
POPCORN.
Yes, popcorn.
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but it is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is it just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
However, perhaps it was shifting because, again, the popcorn bag was getting caught on the sides of the microwave.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
I did use it to try and soften butter, but that is never a good idea to do in a microwave, so I cannot fault the microwave for melting the center of my butter after being in there for... 10 seconds.
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.
Fabulous features!
We love our new microwave!
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)
and the sensor reheat feature.
No complaints thus far for this microwave!
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.
We used it very little and mainly to heat tea water.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
Should have gotten a different brand.
Have you ever used Sunbeam batteries?
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.
They sent me an e-mail with instructions on filling out the proper forms which consisted of removing the plastic label from the back of the microwave that had  the serial number and product manufacturing date and attaching it to the form.
Taking a pic of the cut power cord so they will know you just ain't saying this stuff to get a refund.
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
Microwave is okay.
It is fairly big...
It is most certainly powerful.
It just seems a little cheap?
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.
Great product, great price.
I really like this large microwave, it is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.
I would recommend this for the price.
I LOVE this microwave!
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.
Black Microwave
Very nice microwave.
Came packaged securely.
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.
I would definitely recommend this applicance.
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part it works fine.
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.
For example, if you take 2 bowls of oatmeal, exactly measured for both.
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.
Well, I thought, maybe as the Microwave heats up, it will overcook.
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Microwave broken just after return window expired
Bought this microwave during Thanksgiving time.
It broke yesterday.
Just after return window expired.
Won't recommend it.
Lacking specs
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.
It cooks well.
The internal is large.
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.
Panasonic NN SN651B
Don't like it at all.
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.
I bought a Panasonic in 1975.
OHHH, to have my old one back.
Working like a champ
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy one of these again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
That and countless coffees, teas, burned popcorn!
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.
It's hard to see your food in this oven.
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.
Don't loose the manual!
The door button seems to stick but returns to normal when you close the door.
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.
First, the glass platter is broken.
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.
I will report back what reply I receive, so that you can make up your mind on purchasing from Panasonic.
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
Good microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.
Its ideal for students and working people.
You can heat cups, small sized bowls.
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.
Great Microwave
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).
The power is great (1:20 for tea).
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As it's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
Panasonic  Genius "Prestige" Microwave
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.
It's a winner for me.
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.
Dim display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.
very nice microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.
Recommend this microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.
Deeper heating.
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.
Panasonic Microwave
This was the best choice.
Customer is happy.
Very good for the price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.
The oven performs as advertised.
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.
That can move the oven if too vigorous.
Large size good for our purpose.
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.
Panasonic Microwave
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.
I ordered this corner microwave due to a very limited amount of counter space.
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!
Great purchase.
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
It works great.
Still, the noise is of some concern.
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But This Is A Good One
Easy to operate.
Authentic feel to the controls.
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.
Still discovering its capabilities.
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and it stopped working.
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of it worked for me.
Great microwave
Don't listen to those who complain about the supposed "chip" on the top of the microwave.
I've owned two of these Panasonic microwaves, and they both had this.
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.
Cooks evenly and looks nice.
Tacky / non-retro microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.
This oven might nuke just fine but it is really cheap looking!
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from this.
Great Toaster!
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.
Our First Toaster Oven
Even tho we have been married for 44 years, this is the first toaster oven we have ever owned.
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.
Frozen french fries, tater tots, chicken breasts, etc.
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.
But for toasting bread, just use your pop up toaster.
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
It has a beeper for the toasting and bagel function, just lets you know your toast is burnt.
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.
Just enough for us.2.
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.
Maybe just a little slower.4.
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
Its much better for reheating pizza than a microwave.
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.
Pray your toaster never fails
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.
I called cuisinart and they sent a new one.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.
It cost me $14.15!
Not good customer service.
I purchased this toaster oven in hopes of making cooking a little easier and cutting down on my electric bill because I'm not using my oven.
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.
Nice for the price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.
It's not the easiest to clean, either.
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.
And it looks really cool.
consistent toast
The browning dial works consistently well.
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.
It is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!
It's a toaster!
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, it's great.
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.
Ok, but not great quality
I've now had this toaster for three years and I've only used the egg feature twice.
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.
Its performance is so much better than my old one.
Color & quality are great
The color is perfect for the kitchen.
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.
poor at toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.
One side of the bread is darker, other side considerably, noticeably lighter.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
Also if you toast twice in a row at the same setting, both batches are very different.
I just want a toaster to toast the bread, evenly.
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.
No more drive to McDonald for me.
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.
Best toaster I ever owned
Absolutely love this toaster.
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.
Worth every penny I paid for it.
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.
SO, this Breville was bought to replace the Dualit 'Lite' (Yes, it was their $150, 'cheap' model) 4 slice toaster.
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!
Does not toast evenly
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.
Works
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.
A kitchen essential - highly recommended
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.
It won't hurt the oven but you toast won't get direct radiant heat from the lower heating elements.This is great for toast and bagels using the variable width pop-up, and for croissants, pastries and warming pizza slices etc in the small oven.
It is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.
Nice device
I recently purchased this item after a lot of research.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
It works just like advertised.
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.
Wonderful Toaster
Wonderful toaster!
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.
It works great and I would highly recommend it.
Example of when digital is not better
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.
Cool touch sides5.
Lift mechanism to lift up toast that's "too small"6.
LED indicator to show how much time remaining.7.
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.
So with 7 very nice pros and 1 Con how can I only give it 2 stars?The primary function of a toaster is to toast bread/bagels/poptarts etc.
With the older analog toasters you turn a dial to set the desired "doneness" of your toast.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
This is frequently in between to "settings"  but since it's an analog dial that's ok.This toaster, however, has numeric settings.
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(
Great features!
This toaster is awesome!
Always stays cool!
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.
Even has a cancel button...
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.
After feeling a little foolish for needing help to operate a toaster, I called the Black and Decker help line.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
Working well so far,good quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.
May I propose a Toaster of the First Order
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.
I decided on a simple approach and set the timer to the mid range instead of going from the bottom to the top and trying to remember which one was the best.
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
Way better than McDonalds!
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES it!
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.
It is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.
I myself have an older model (actually two one in my Michigan house for summer and one in Florida house for winter).
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
uneven toast
Purchased for the end to end design.
All of the functions work as expected.
Price was competitive.
Doesn't toast evenly ever.
Excellent toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend it to others.
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, it will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.
So far it makes toast.
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.
The only thing I don't really care for is the size of this toaster.
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.
good toaster
Received the toaster and have been using for about a month.
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.
I've toasted buns and it works out OK.I'm satisfied.
Great Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.
Breville Does the Toasting Good
Ann, my wife, had seen and used a Breville at a friend's house, so we bought one.
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.
Great for breakfast, fast, and easy.........hard to clean though
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.
This thing rocks!
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.
Toaster plus
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.
I think it is in the wrong position.
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
4 holer
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used it - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - it was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that it does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
Great gift for a kid
Gift for an 11 year old that loves hot dogs.
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.
totally awesome toaster!
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.
I would totally recomend this product.
I kind of think i should have bought the larger model, because there have been a couple time that i have had a guest over and it would have been nice to get both eggs done in one shot.
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.
Great product!!
I love this toaster.
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.
Works very well
The problems others have had about retrieving toast are easily remedied when you pull up on the toast lever(for lack of a better word).
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with it.
And we can toast 4 slices at once!
Good looking, multiple features and great performance
I was happy to replace our old, basic toaster that we have been using for the last 5 years.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
When the Russell Hobbs 2 Slice Toaster arrived I actually read the user manual.
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.
You have the frozen, re-heat, bagel and eject buttons.
There is also a 1-6 dial for setting your toasting level, too bad it doesn't go to 11.
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.
It toasted like a champ!
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.
Toasts Bagels great
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.
Would have expected it to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.
It works fine for me.
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.
I do find that with Udi's bread, if it's dried out a bit I have to push the button down for a bit more browning and then have to unplug it mid-stream to keep the bread from getting too brown.I'm satisfied with it.
And it's find for this price!
Doesn't Pop up easily
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.
I've had this thing for about six months now (I think).
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!
Excellent toaster for two slice
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.
It provides fast and even toasting every time.
It's attractice and the price is exceptional.
Love this toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.
You do have to adjust the setting depending on what you are toasting.
I set it to 2 for raisen bread and 6 for English muffins.
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.
The progress indicator is great.
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.
I haven't tried the reheat feature, but will try it the next time I cook eggs and toast.
Best toaster I've ever had
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.
The manual pop-up is on the light-dark control so you don't have to, and shouldn't, pull up on the handle.
And when done, if you push up on the handle, it elevates hard to retrieve items (like English muffins) up a little so you can grab on to them.
I'm very pleased with the toaster.
Good value
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give it 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.
The smallest quality Toaster oven around
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.
I love it!
I love it!
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.
This red toaster is so beautiful!
(and it makes toast too ?)
Ts - 260 2 Slice Toaster White
I purchased this toaster on ebay.
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.
Does not toast evenly
This toaster is very cheaply made.
It probably weighs 10oz.
I'm exaggerating but it does not weigh much.
The toasting was very uneven.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
It gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.
Red toaster
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.
At the delivered price it is a fantastic help in this depression!
Gimped Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.
You can hear the thermostat click over in side the toaster and shut off the elements.
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)
Power cord is WAY too short.
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.
Nice toaster.
This is a nice toaster.
Toasts well and evenly.
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most
awesome product
the guys love the product they use it every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends
I've made 7 egg sandwiches.
It took a couple tries to find the water level that resulted in an egg that way I like it (I prefer the yoke completely cooked but still orangish and not hard, in my machine that equals a splash over the "medium" line in the cup).
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.
I just drain the egg pan into the sink before dropping the egg onto the bread.
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.
Waste of Money
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.
The repair person said it is the solenoid that switches on and off when toaster is plugged in.
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.
Like it and maybe love it!!
I think this toaster oven is a great size!
Works really well too.
The only thing is a i wish it was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
BUT other than that it is a great product.
this seemed to be it!
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.
Sometimes level 2 would be enough to toast a piece of bread .
sometimes you needed level 5 .
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.
Sometimes it wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.
It just isn't built that well.
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.
Love It!
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small
Toastes very unevenly.
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.
Worked perfect for me.
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.
Great product
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like it.
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.
And it is compact and looks good.
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.
When our toaster died, a bit of research made this seem like such a great idea.
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, it burns everything put into the oven.
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, it gets stuck.
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.
At first I thought it was because I was using frozen waffles in it, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and manually handled the toasting.
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.
Essentially their support is non-existant.
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.
Brave Little Toaster!
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.
The bagel setting is particularly cool.
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.
Really makes cleaning easy.
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
And that will occasionally make you start baking your toast rather than toasting it, if you don't check beforehand.
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.
But these are very small concerns.
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.
A Great Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.
Thank You for a Great Product.
good for price
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?
we like it and is serves its purpose.
Short tail!
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!
(cord).
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.
Sunbeam toaster
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
Maybe in time, I will get used to the new dial option.This toaster over gets three stars.
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.
In my opinion, a poor design.In summation: an OK toaster oven, it functions, but nothing special.
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like they might break at any moment.
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return it and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
toaster oven
problem with the door.
returned to shop wise for a refund
excellent for the $$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.
Excellent value for the money.
Compact 4 slice unit
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.
I however saw it at a friend's and realized it was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
This is the second time I have ordered this exact same toaster.
Both toasters did not function properly straight out of the box.
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.
First one I bought didn't work at all.
Exchanged it and the second one works amazing.
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly
It toasts.  Just no Domo face.
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.
toaster oven
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine
The little toaster oven that could!
This thing will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
THIS IS AN UPDATE TWO YEARS LATER (01/13)...STILL WORKING AS DESCRIBED BELOW...KEEPS GOING AND GOING...I'm writing this review out of frustration re: trying to find a new toaster, and we're now going to keep this one, and you may want to give it a try, too.
To wit: We bought this for a little over $10 at a mass market store more than five years ago.
It's still going strong.
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.
Uneven Toasting
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!
Looks pretty
It's pretty, and I'm not sure what another reviewer was saying about only 1 side working.
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.
Sturdy toaster
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.
It's good.
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.
My only problem with it is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
We love this toaster oven.
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.
Much better than turning on the oven.
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.It's elegant.
It's heavy duty.
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.
I've tried every toaster ever made.
This is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.
The blue LED lights show you how long it will take till it's done.Want to check how your toast is doing?
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.
"It's ingenious.
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.
Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can
Very nice and unique item.
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.
These cans are very fashionable.
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.
Price is excellent.
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.
would highly recommend this purchase.
LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.
The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.
Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!
I love not having a top.
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.
I don't have a place to hide a can.
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.
We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can.
Great Trash Can
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
It looks great and is stylish.
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.
The first is that it has no interior pail so the bag simply hangs in there but it is secured by a removable hard plastic rim that encircles the can near the top.
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.
The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.
Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.
At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.
The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S.
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.
Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.
It works great and I love the trash can.
Great product
Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin.
Love the quality of this manufacturer.
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.
And kids love using it (another plus)...
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend it!
Great product
I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.
Great product
We love it.
It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.
When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.
Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.
This is a great quality and value.
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.
Great product
Great trash can for outside.
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.
returned first one now perfect
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.
got a replacement and it works great .
Awesome Trash Can!
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can
I love this horribly overpriced thing!
I even like changing the bag.
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."
We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
Open top
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.
Great Trash can for the money
I have had this for about a month now and it works great.
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.
For the money this is a great buy.
We like it
we are happy with it.
The only down side is the weight.
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.
Placing the can on a rug rather than bare floor will settle the problem.
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.
it is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course it is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
(or whatever it says on the description.)
Anyway, yes it is very nice, and holds a lot.
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.
10-gallon waste can
Nice little waste can.
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.
Great little trash can!
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!
Excited about a garbage can?
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).
LOVE IT for our pool area
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.
Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.
Great buy at a great price
Small
This was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be but now looking back at the description I see it is the small version.
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why it threw me off.
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!
Expensive garbage can
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however it is quite expensive.
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
fits under a massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.
Great product!
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.
The sensor is very accurate.
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
Works great.
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
good for first year, now is stinky
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.
However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.
This can is nice and narrow.
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
long at the top.
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.
The picture is very accurate.
Favorite trash can
Bought 5 in several colors.
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.
Thick material.
Colors are great.
Score another win for simplehuman!
Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can.
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.
We live where the pesky racoons love to get into the garbage and so far they have not been able to get this open.
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.
Great for an unorthodox use
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but it suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.
13 gal touchless
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
Save your money on this item.
I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days.
Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid.
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.
Found a power cord that worked for another week.
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.It's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
Great step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.
Glad we made this purchase.
Excellent for the first year
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
The motor just pooped out.
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
Cool garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.
Easy to change bags.
I love the motion sensor open feature.
Price is also a big plus.
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.
I love this can.
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.
Skipping around about a garbage can!
I'm really happy with this purchase!
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.
Great trash can!
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.
Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.
Shadows even keep it open.
Great quality and it looks great!
Touchless Stainless Steel Trash
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.
This can is great for its value.
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.
Where you place the trash can is important.
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
fits grocery bags well
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.
I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
Broke within 3 months
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.
The sensor or something else?
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
works except for one annoying thing
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
Love it!!!
Love it!
So much better than any others I have had!
NOT a dog-proof design
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that it is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.
My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return it.
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.
It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
This is it - it's perfect.
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.
Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.
We are very pleased with this purchase.
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.
A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.
I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched.
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea.
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!!
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater.
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
Great for adult Depends disposal
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.
I am very pleased with my purchase.
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
Great price for both.
I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced.
I'm happy I found these.
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.
Batteries not included.
Easy to clean.
Motion sensor works really good.
Arrived fast and undamaged.
I'm very happy with this purchase.
This basket is sturdy and well made.
I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.
iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.
Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.
Thanks iTouchless!
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.
It's a wastebasket....
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
Yep, It's a Trash Holder
I have three of this trash bin.
I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.
They clean easily.
Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
This trash can solves both problems.
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.
It s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
it is a nice trash can.
received in good condition.
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.
I had to use it in my bathroom instead !
Great alternative to SimpleHuman
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.
As a result, we were constantly setting the thing off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
Sometimes it would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.
I'd like to return it, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
Nice trash can
I really like this trash can.
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
well built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.
The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.
Very please with both products.
Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
Seems like a solid product..
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.
It's easy to put the bags in and out.
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen
Well made/durable product.
Easy to instal.
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
Love it!
Product works great.
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!
Love it, Love it, Love it!
The best trash bin EVER
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
I purchased this wastebasket for my office.
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.
This wastebasket is working perfectly.
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.
Love the iTouchless.
It is so handy when your hands are full and you need an extra hand to open the trash can lid.
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!
Great trash can, works flawlessly.
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.
Like it
I like that I can lock it on top.
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
The trash can met my expectations.
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.
Overall a great purchase though!
Just the right size
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
We have one diaper pail, this one.
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.
Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.
Less waste/garbage and no stink.
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.
Missing Part and Change of manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.
I return them and get refunded.
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...
This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.
Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.
I wash out the inside of the can as needed.
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.
Nothing wrong with this!
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing.
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.
This was purchased for our deck.
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.
It fit well when assembled.
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.
Overall great purchase for the price.
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)
My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying.
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but it is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.
We have had absolutely no problems with it; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.
Very nice product, highly recommend it to others.
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!
Love it.
Too small
This one is about a quart size.
I should have read the description better.
I cannot live without this garbage can!
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.
The pedal has not failed.
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet it's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
I can't smell any trash when the can is closed.
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic.
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.
And really it's just a trash can.
It does its job, but nothing more.
Best trash can ever
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in it's great.
For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.
great vacuum, great price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!
Hoover Platinum Upright
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.
Never a Better Vacuum
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!
Love it!
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.
Easy fix for no suction
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.
The hose was clogged pretty badly.
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.
Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???
Powerful for its size
I am very happy with its performance.
Powerful for its size.
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago.
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.
I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all.
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.
I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.
You still have that dust cup problem.
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.
I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.
This vac picks it all up and darned well.
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.
We Love this Vacuum
Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found.
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.
It makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.
It left deep grooves on carpet.
Very disappointed with this vacuum.
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
I turned it on, pushed the peddle to unlock it from it's upright position and I was surprised at how easy it really is to manuver!
I vacuumed my living room and was surprised to see how much had come up out my carpet!
That feeling I had of wasting money, quickly went away!
This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.
Nobody does it like you!
the motor broke in less than two weeks.
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.
We returned the product
Best "stick" vacuum ever!
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.
We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!
We highly recommend this vacuum.
And, get extra batteries if needed...
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.
It 'feels' better than others.
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
best cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...
I love it!!!!
A little vacuum with big power!
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!It is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
Batteries are great.
The charge on these batteries is good.
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
Well Worth the Money
I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.
So, I decided to go back to Hoover.
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.
It is a bit noisy.
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.
The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.
It's very low, almost to the ground.
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.
Hoover Stem Vac
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.
This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts.
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get this one.
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.
its so small and compact and easy to store.
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.
around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet).
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.
As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket.
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.
So if you're a college student or someone living in a small apartment and you're looking for something small that can keep your floors clean, look elsewhere.
Find something with a rotary brush.
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.
Very disappointed about this vacuum.
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.
Two batteries a plus!
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.
Great machine and deal!
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.
Vac for small areas
I love it .
Lite to use but strong power.
The attachments work great.
Very easy to empty dust cup.
Wonderful Vacuum
I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials.
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal.
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably.
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!
What a great purchase!
Great Little Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.
I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister.
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...
The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment.
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.
Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
some parts good, some parts annoying
For the price of this product I would say it is just, ok.
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.
You have to go over the hoses.
and speaking of the hoses.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
wind tunnel vacuum
When first got it the suction was great.
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!
I bought this to clean the cushions in my boat.Fantastic!
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!
Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.
The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.
The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.
Other than the final HEPA filter there appear to be no filters that have to be replaced.
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.
This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.
That can be handy when you go from vacuuming blinds to vacuuming the top of furniture, for instance.Those are the good things, and they are very good.
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.
It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.
You cannot lift the longer tube off unless you have completely unstowed the power cord, as the power cord essentially lashes the tube extension to the canister base while it is stowed.Other than these complaints I'm quite impressed with this vacuum cleaner.
Best stick vac yet
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.
Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!
This vaccum sucks!!!!
We opened the package the first day we recieved it and then spent the next 2 hours vaccuming anything and everything we could!
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
This is the best stick vac ive owned.
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.
It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.
Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
Should have bought this when my house was new
I bought this vac based on the reviews.
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.
no pets..buy this one!
Great for Pet Hair
I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums.
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.
For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner.
I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card.
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.
Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs.
Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights.
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.
The filtration is terrible.
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.
Doesn't hold charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.
I wasted time and money.
Pleased with this product
I've only used this product a few times since purchasing.
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.
I would like it a bit quieter, but the suction is good.
I love the automatic cord wind up.
Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle
The Hoover stick works very well.
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
Love the ease of use.
Crumbs on the kitchen floor?
Grab the Linx!
Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?
Grab the Linx Cleaner!
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.
BUY THIS VACUUM!
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.
I though it would be nice for her, as well as me, since I am the one who has to drag the upright up & down the stairs, while using the hose.
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!
), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT!
Eureka's Riser Visor (see product pics) lets you clean vertically by flipping the brush roller cover down.
This thing is crazy!!
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?
I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement.
I know that's nitpicking, but look at it this way: it's my ONLY complaint.Seriously, read through the reviews, and if you're concerned about the weight, find it in a store, even in the box, and pick it up.
Older Vacuums are still good
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.
Easy to use, and empty.
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.
Works great!
Has a lot of power.
Happy with it.
Great price, would recommend to anyone.
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and it paid for itself quickly.
I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!
It was definitely a wise investment.
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean.
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.
This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA
My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed.
Easy set up, and very easy to use.
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.
Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual.
I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up.
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash
Works good.
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.
It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.
Other than that, it's a good product overall.
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.
I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
A+
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.
I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh.
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it).
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.
Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12!
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.
I received my washing machine 3-2-12.
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube.
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.
Admittedly, it's easier if connected to a water line but not that much trouble to fill manually.Here's how I do it: Fill the tub up with water, add detergent, stir the water to mix, add clothes.
Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start.
The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine.
Next, push power button again to turn on.
Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only."
then press start, which drains the water out of the tub.
After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water.
Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above).
I rinse clothes two or three times this way.
When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it.
This little machine is a marvel.
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.
They smell so fresh.
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.
Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver!
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.
I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set.
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.
Replace it as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.
Aquarium tubing works great.
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.
dryer
have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.
Useful little machine
I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.
For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.
So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.
Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.
For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.
For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.
good product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.
My wife and I are satisfied with it.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.
Wonder Washer
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.
I had no problems with the return.
The replacement works fine.
I absolutely love this product!
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.
Just follow directions exact.
Haier Compact Washer
The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb.
capacity, holds about 1/2 load of a regular sized drum.
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
Wonderful Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.
wonderful machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.
Wonder Washer
I like this washer a lot.
I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.
Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.
Basically this  is an electric hand washer.
Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
This machine is all washed up!
We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
This is being shipped back today for a refund.
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.
Spoiler alert! Washer is actually 30.25 inches deep!
Love the machine.
Love the features!
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet.
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.
Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time.
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.
It was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!
Largest wash load took only about 45min.
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!
I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer.
I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor.
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.
I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me.
As I read the manual, it stated exactly that.
This is good because you know it is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc.
It comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.
As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.
He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them.
I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle.
I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes.
It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!
This is one nifty little machine.
It's very easy to assemble and operate.
It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box.
The metal base plate is in the top of the box.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.
I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal.
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.
Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently.
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower.
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.
It does not in any way make the machine not new.
Great little machine
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.
I use it for my kids clothes and it is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!
Easy to set up and works great!
Great buy
At this price this thing is well worth the money.
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
I just do it in my bathtub.
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.
This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later.
Well I did, and I love it.
I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes.
This thing is great.
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin.
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.
Great product.
the reviews are true
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .
the best back pack washer
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.
I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day.
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
So needless to say this was very annoying and time consuming!After living here for 7 months my husband and I finally gave up and bought this washer.
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...
So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.
The only thing I can complain about it that it does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.
I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility.
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.
Just follow instructions and it works great!
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
Haier Washer
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .
I love thatthing a lot .
You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash .
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .
I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice .
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.
I have even washed heavy jeans in this.
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear
We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection.
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!
Great little washer - Love it !
This machine is a very good investment.
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.
It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.
Its great for a small family.
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).
If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!
Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much.
It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items.
I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place.
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
Not exactly a "wonder" but works ok for diapers
Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money.
The wonderwash works ok for the diapers, however I rinse them myself by hand.
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.
Happy with my purchase
very good looking but performs terribly...
soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer.
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
Works exactly as advertised
Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine.
Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff.
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.
The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
