You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat.
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
It has a low, medium and high setting.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.
Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier.
If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly.
I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.
We've had it for a few years.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
i'll end up keeping it.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.
I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water.
I had two coffemakers.
Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.
This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.
Called the company.
The first one I had for about six months.
The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.
If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting.
For everything in between you can just keep it on medium.
Coffee Maker
The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month.
So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.
I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.
I was using Dark Magic K-cups.
Anybody want it?
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.
Here's why:1.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!
Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker
This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it.
I am careful and it can still happen.
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
!
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version.
Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans.
I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2.
Clean the brew mechanism once a week.
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
Use spring water instead of tap water.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc.
As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino?
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long.
If you are planning to serve cappuccino at dinner parties, then you are committing Italian heresy - cappuccino is only served in the morning.CONS1.
Super double espresso in an espresso cup.
I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense.
I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price.
Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe.
Why??
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out.
And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it.
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex.
Thanks for nothing, China!
I hope they last for some time.
A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
One can of course keep on using regular filter.
The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop.
A simple Suggestion
The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.
This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.
We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted).
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
Spoke with Melitta customer service.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
(Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
I bought this since my drip coffee maker died.
I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday.
I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones.
I have trusted Melita.
I had this coffee maker for 4 months.
Originally I thought, no big deal.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.
I just sat it down on the counter.
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.
I have had it for a month now.
This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to.
It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity.
If you're using E.S.E.
I feel bad for you.
I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.
I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice.
Coffee Maker
I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one.
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
If you like your coffee extra hot, you won't get it that way with this pot.
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
That's all that counts.
Awsome
Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS.
But I set it up.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.
Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
I bought this set of knives for our house down the shore to replace the procut generic knives we inherited with the house.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
This was on at least three of them.
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.
That way I don't have to keep the old unmatched stuff.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
I read many of the previous reviews before I bought.
A Cut Above
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
The set I found elsewhere (since I believe in handling my potential purchases so I can read what the label actually says) uses German steel.
The knives are assembled in Spain, the block and sharpening post made in China and the scissors made in Japan.
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
I am sure I could have exchanged them for another set, but in the end they are just spoons.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
I somehow manage to lose all my cutlery.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
Gotta stop taking spoons and knives to work!
!
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
Google Ginsu Knives before you go further.
Ginsu Chikara nives
This is an eight peice set which includes the bamboo stand, scissors and a shapening rod as well.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
:-(
Is it because of the type of steel used?, the forging process?, metal treatment?, or whatever else may be, I do not know.
Ginsu Chikara Knife Set
I probalby will never use all the knives
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
!
for outdoor wedding
Our twelve-year-old Kenmore finally died.
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.
Turning off the beep function also turns off the end-of-cycle beep.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.
Panasonic NN-Sn651B Genius 1.2 cuft-Watt Sensor Microwace
I searched every local dealer for a full-sizedblack Panasonic microwave.
So, I did what I said I'd never do and buy an appliance online.
Contact authorized dealer."
Kenmore elite black 1.5 cu.ft. countertop Microwave w/ TruecookPlus
I have a similar model at home, but I bought this for the office.
It's small but the measurements listed it as being 11.5 x 19.5 x 14 1/5 and the measurements are actually 11.5 x 17 x 10.
The inside of it measures 10 3/4 wide and 11.5 deep.
I had to cut the paper towel I usually place on top of the bacon to reduce splatters the exact shape of the plate because it kept catching on the walls and folding up.
It has buttons with food pictures that you press to choose a time, and then you press start.
The turntable spins, and it light up, whirrs and beeps just like the real thing.
Mostly bought it for looks!
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
As it is a second microwave which I mostly bought for looks, I may see if it is worth repairing.
Too bad.
It has a power button that reduces cooking power by reducing continuous cooking energy, not, as most do, by cycling on/off at full power.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.
There's also a "smart reheat" button that's great.
There's a "Smart Cook" button, that also cooks by sensing the steam/heat given off by the food.
Kenmore 1.2 cu. ft. TrueCookPlus Countertop Microwave -6633
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
I have had this microwave about a month now.
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.
Use daily.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
As soon as I opened the box, it took me like one minute tops and I slowly and carefully removed it with no trace of the sticker even having been there.
Microwave Oven
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
I was on the hunt for a larger countertop microwave when I found this one on Amazon.
We use a microwave primarily to heat up cooked foods and liquids, bake potatoes and pop popcorn.
I called Panasonic because it was still under warranty and they gave me a case number to have the microwave repaired.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
Can't believe they wouldn't just send me a new one rather than have me go to a repair shop.
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
I bought a new house and needed a countertop unit.
After searching through the stores and online, I finally decided on this model.
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Bought this microwave for a trip to Yellowstone NP in June '10.
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
Most microwave ovens have a rotating plate inside with several inches to the side where the magnetron that provides heating power resides and the displays are situated.
This one places the magnetron below, along with the displays; the interior exactly surrounds the 11 inch rotating plate.
Dimensions: 20" x 15" x 12" (W x D x H)
We bought it to use in the workshop.
Panasonic 1.2 cuft 1200-Watt Sensor Microwave
My wife cooks dinners on Sunday for the duration of the work week.
We reheat in the microwave all week, plus there are lots of other non-dinner microwave projects.
On a related note, we now religiously employ a microwave food cover to avoid spatters and the "floor" is always covered with a (non-rotating) paper towel to keep the cavity in like-new condition.
the user interface.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Are you softening a quart of ice cream or a stick of butter?
Review of Panasonic Microwaves
I searched all over our town for a large Panasonic microwave that had all the features that I was looking for.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
There is a Child Proofing adjustment and I wonder if perhaps they set that by mistake?
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
After 5 years of using an inverter microwave, the choice was clear - just get the same model we had.
That's this Panasonic.
When following directions to microwave a food product for 1 minute 30 seconds, you must schedule 2 minutes and stand by to stop it at 1:30.
I own a number of Panasonic products.
So we bought this Panasonic.
Maybe I just got a lemon.
During the heating the microwave was loud enough to drown the noise of the fan.
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.
Just put the food in, and press the button.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
I bought this microwave for the sole purpose of....
POPCORN.
Yes, popcorn.
However, perhaps it was shifting because, again, the popcorn bag was getting caught on the sides of the microwave.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
:)Well, wait...
I did use it to try and soften butter, but that is never a good idea to do in a microwave, so I cannot fault the microwave for melting the center of my butter after being in there for... 10 seconds.
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
always go with Orville (its worth the extra dollar) and try some Jiffy Pop if you haven't before.. you will never look at microwave popcorn the same way again... :)
and the sensor reheat feature.
We used it very little and mainly to heat tea water.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
Have you ever used Sunbeam batteries?
They sent me an e-mail with instructions on filling out the proper forms which consisted of removing the plastic label from the back of the microwave that had  the serial number and product manufacturing date and attaching it to the form.
Taking a pic of the cut power cord so they will know you just ain't saying this stuff to get a refund.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.
No kidding.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
:)
Black Microwave
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
For example, if you take 2 bowls of oatmeal, exactly measured for both.
Well, I thought, maybe as the Microwave heats up, it will overcook.
Not a chance!!
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
Bought this microwave during Thanksgiving time.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
It cooks well.
Panasonic NN SN651B
Hard to figure out.
I bought a Panasonic in 1975.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
That and countless coffees, teas, burned popcorn!
etc.
The door button seems to stick but returns to normal when you close the door.
;)
I will report back what reply I receive, so that you can make up your mind on purchasing from Panasonic.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
You can heat cups, small sized bowls.
My brother has had one for 25 years.
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.
ft.
Panasonic  Genius "Prestige" Microwave
Our old microwave was over 20 years old and also was a Panasonic.
to reheat a cup of coffee.
Panasonic Microwave
Needed a countertop microwave for a new home customer and was shopping price.
Panasonic Microwave
I ordered this corner microwave due to a very limited amount of counter space.
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
I don't know what went wrong
Don't listen to those who complain about the supposed "chip" on the top of the microwave.
I've owned two of these Panasonic microwaves, and they both had this.
Our First Toaster Oven
Even tho we have been married for 44 years, this is the first toaster oven we have ever owned.
Frozen french fries, tater tots, chicken breasts, etc.
But for toasting bread, just use your pop up toaster.
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
It has a beeper for the toasting and bagel function, just lets you know your toast is burnt.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
I called cuisinart and they sent a new one.
Told me I would have to pay to ship new one plus pay to send broken one to them.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
My first call to them was Nov. 18 I sent the broken one back today.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
I purchased this toaster oven in hopes of making cooking a little easier and cutting down on my electric bill because I'm not using my oven.
It's a toaster!
I've now had this toaster for three years and I've only used the egg feature twice.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
One side of the bread is darker, other side considerably, noticeably lighter.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
Also if you toast twice in a row at the same setting, both batches are very different.
I just want a toaster to toast the bread, evenly.
No more drive to McDonald for me.
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
SO, this Breville was bought to replace the Dualit 'Lite' (Yes, it was their $150, 'cheap' model) 4 slice toaster.
Every morning.
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
I recently purchased this item after a lot of research.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Lift mechanism to lift up toast that's "too small"6.
LED indicator to show how much time remaining.7.
With the older analog toasters you turn a dial to set the desired "doneness" of your toast.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
This is frequently in between to "settings"  but since it's an analog dial that's ok.This toaster, however, has numeric settings.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
Even has a cancel button...
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
After feeling a little foolish for needing help to operate a toaster, I called the Black and Decker help line.
After 22 mins.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
May I propose a Toaster of the First Order
I decided on a simple approach and set the timer to the mid range instead of going from the bottom to the top and trying to remember which one was the best.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
I myself have an older model (actually two one in my Michigan house for summer and one in Florida house for winter).
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
Purchased for the end to end design.
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
So far it makes toast.
Needed a 4 slice toaster for larger family
Received the toaster and have been using for about a month.
Ann, my wife, had seen and used a Breville at a friend's house, so we bought one.
Toaster plus
The only thing...
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
Great gift for a kid
Gift for an 11 year old that loves hot dogs.
I kind of think i should have bought the larger model, because there have been a couple time that i have had a guest over and it would have been nice to get both eggs done in one shot.
The problems others have had about retrieving toast are easily remedied when you pull up on the toast lever(for lack of a better word).
I was happy to replace our old, basic toaster that we have been using for the last 5 years.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
When the Russell Hobbs 2 Slice Toaster arrived I actually read the user manual.
You have the frozen, re-heat, bagel and eject buttons.
As for the most important part?
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
I bought this one for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
I've had this thing for about six months now (I think).
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
You do have to adjust the setting depending on what you are toasting.
I set it to 2 for raisen bread and 6 for English muffins.
I haven't tried the reheat feature, but will try it the next time I cook eggs and toast.
The manual pop-up is on the light-dark control so you don't have to, and shouldn't, pull up on the handle.
And when done, if you push up on the handle, it elevates hard to retrieve items (like English muffins) up a little so you can grab on to them.
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
(and it makes toast too ?)
Ts - 260 2 Slice Toaster White
I purchased this toaster on ebay.
It probably weighs 10oz.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
Red toaster
You can hear the thermostat click over in side the toaster and shut off the elements.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
I've made 7 egg sandwiches.
It took a couple tries to find the water level that resulted in an egg that way I like it (I prefer the yoke completely cooked but still orangish and not hard, in my machine that equals a splash over the "medium" line in the cup).
I just drain the egg pan into the sink before dropping the egg onto the bread.
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.
The repair person said it is the solenoid that switches on and off when toaster is plugged in.
!
We were looking for a toaster that could handle long slices AND bagels .
.
Sometimes level 2 would be enough to toast a piece of bread .
.
.
sometimes you needed level 5 .
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
At first I thought it was because I was using frozen waffles in it, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and manually handled the toasting.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
Really makes cleaning easy.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
And that will occasionally make you start baking your toast rather than toasting it, if you don't check beforehand.
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.
We are retired people.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set it up.
(cord).
Sunbeam toaster
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
I liked the old toaster oven for the simple reason it was easy to toast bread, bagels, etc.
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
toaster oven
Gave it as a gift.
This is the second time I have ordered this exact same toaster.
toaster oven
We are an office of 18 and boy do we love hot toasty food.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
THIS IS AN UPDATE TWO YEARS LATER (01/13)...STILL WORKING AS DESCRIBED BELOW...KEEPS GOING AND GOING...I'm writing this review out of frustration re: trying to find a new toaster, and we're now going to keep this one, and you may want to give it a try, too.
To wit: We bought this for a little over $10 at a mass market store more than five years ago.
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
It's pretty, and I'm not sure what another reviewer was saying about only 1 side working.
I've tried every toaster ever made.
The blue LED lights show you how long it will take till it's done.Want to check how your toast is doing?
Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.
I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
I don't have a place to hide a can.
This is both.
We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can.
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
The first is that it has no interior pail so the bag simply hangs in there but it is secured by a removable hard plastic rim that encircles the can near the top.
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.
At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S.
pad.
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor
Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.
It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.
When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.
Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.
Nice
had it for months now.
!
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
Open top
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Placing the can on a rug rather than bare floor will settle the problem.
(or whatever it says on the description.)
10-gallon waste can
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
long at the top.
Bought 5 in several colors.
Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can.
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
13 gal touchless
I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days.
Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid.
Found a power cord that worked for another week.
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.
Touchless Stainless Steel Trash
Where you place the trash can is important.
I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.
The sensor or something else?
My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun.
I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works.
My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched.
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater.
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.
I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced.
I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.
iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can
Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.
It's a wastebasket....
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
Yep, It's a Trash Holder
I have three of this trash bin.
I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.
I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.
Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway
!,so you do not damage it.
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
I purchased this wastebasket for my office.
!
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
We have one diaper pail, this one.
Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.
Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
I wash out the inside of the can as needed.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
This was purchased for our deck.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500).
I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size.
I should have read the description better.
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
So far, that has their attention!
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic.
And really it's just a trash can.
It does its job, but nothing more.
Hoover Platinum Upright
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago.
I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all.
I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.
You still have that dust cup problem.
I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
Well, I gave it a test run.
I vacuumed my living room and was surprised to see how much had come up out my carpet!
LOL :)!!!!
And, get extra batteries if needed...
It's just sitting there.
ie.
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.
So, I decided to go back to Hoover.
The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.
Hoover Stem Vac
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts.
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.
around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet).
As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket.
Find something with a rotary brush.
C'mon!
Vac for small areas
I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials.
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal.
WOW.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment.
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.
You have to go over the hoses.
and speaking of the hoses.
wind tunnel vacuum
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
!
Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum
The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.
When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.
It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.
Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
:)
!
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
I bought this vac based on the reviews.
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.
got a pet??
I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums.
I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card.
Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs.
Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
I've only used this product a few times since purchasing.
Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle
We were lucky when we first did it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Crumbs on the kitchen floor?
Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?
), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT!
WHAT???
I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
All 650 sf.
I have had mine for years!
I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed.
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.
Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual.
I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
I purchsed it about a month ago.
Any other people having this problem?
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
A+
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.
I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it).
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.
Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12!
I received my washing machine 3-2-12.
I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start.
The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine.
Next, push power button again to turn on.
Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only."
then press start, which drains the water out of the tub.
After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water.
Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above).
I rinse clothes two or three times this way.
When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it.
I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry.
!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set.
!
dryer
I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.
For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.
Your mileage may vary.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.
So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.
For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.
For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.
(A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).
Wonder Washer
Just follow directions exact.
Thinking about getting one for my mom
Haier Compact Washer
The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb.
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub.
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer
I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.
Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.
Basically this  is an electric hand washer.
Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.
I purchased this for my daughter.
We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet.
!
I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer.
I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor.
As I read the manual, it stated exactly that.
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them.
I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle.
I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes.
Oh my, where to start.
It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box.
The metal base plate is in the top of the box.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently.
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower.
It does not in any way make the machine not new.
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
I just do it in my bathtub.
This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later.
I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
you choose.
I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility.
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
So far, so good!
Summary of my Review
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
!
Haier Washer
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .
You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash .
I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice .
You can do it .
I have even washed heavy jeans in this.
We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection.
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.
It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items.
Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money.
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer.
Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine.
Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff.
The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
