It just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
Otherwise, I would high recommend it.
very pleased
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"
Slightly disappointing
Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier.
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.
It was fine until it caught fire this morning
We've had it for a few years.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
Beware.
meh
i'll end up keeping it.
just frustrated, really.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
there must be something better out there.
Pleased so far
If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
The first one I had for about six months.
The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.
Too bulky for just that though.
Received exactly what was ordered.
Failed again, exactly the same way.
And I love it.
Not good, great.
I am a Starbucks fan, not Dunkin, so I like a deep rich coffee.
I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.
I was using Dark Magic K-cups.
Anybody want it?
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Very quick - would highly recommend it.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
Here's why:1.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.
Pretty good but...
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
Now for the bad news.
Be Careful
I am careful and it can still happen.
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys it as much as I do!!!!
!
I would highly recommend it.
thanks.
The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer.
I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2.
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.
All in all, a great buy.
Compact, lightweight.
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.
But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
Why??
Which still works.
Very nice.
I hope they last for some time.
A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
Just started using it, and liking it very much.
Perfect
A simple Suggestion
This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.
We have never had problems with it up until about a week ago.
Today it won't turn on :(.
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.
You will be pleased.
Amazing!!!
Enjoy!
I bought this since my drip coffee maker died.
I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones.
Leaked and splattered
Originally I thought, no big deal.
And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.
I just sat it down on the counter.
I have had it for a month now.
This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to.
You CAN froth milk nicely.
It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity.
It is an excellent shot.
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.
If you're using E.S.E.
I feel bad for you.
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
Holding up just fine.
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).
I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.
I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
Get a cheaper one
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.
Defective
That's all that counts.
disappointed
Awsome
But I set it up.
Big mistake.
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
Wish I had read other reviews
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
Awesome Gift
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
No good!!
Overall I would not recommend buying these.
Beware...
This is not going to work for my light appetizer reception.
I will be returning.
This was on at least three of them.
That way I don't have to keep the old unmatched stuff.
Most were very good reviews.
I really don't think you'll go wrong with this product.
A Cut Above
I am a hobby kitchen dude and for the casual kitchen dweller you have found what you are looking for.
great and sturdy
They are wonderful.
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
=) will purchase again in the future if I have too
Junk.
This is not what I received
I've been hand washing them and haven't had any problems so far.
I'm really glad I did.
!
Read This Before You Buy
So damn funny.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
Not what I was hoping for!
:-(
You get what you pay for
It is unbeleivably HORRIBLE!
Great
The biggest problem is that I bought them about a year and a half ago and they pretty much started rusting immediately.
Awsome!
Sharp!
Not me.
Nope.
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
Two days of sitting in the sink with other dirty dishes (don't judge)they had already rusted.
I am not even kidding you.
Rusted.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
These are going back.
Not as impressed as others .... returned
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
!
for outdoor wedding
Will reccommend to others.
Win win for me.
Almost perfect
Despite this pain in the a**, I would recommend.
dont buy.
Super!
What more could you want?
Great buy.
I searched every local dealer for a full-sizedblack Panasonic microwave.
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.
Highly recommend!
Powerful and elegant!
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
I would buy another one.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my needs
I only wish it were a little more powerful.
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!
Better than expected!
I highly recommend it!
Buy This!
Spacious and smart!
Use daily.
It came within two days and everything was where it should be.
We glued them on and it works.
At first things were going well...but just as my father always taught me...you get what you pay for, son.
It barely made it 4 months.
I learned my lesson.
Very positively impressed! Five-Star-Rating called for!
Five-Star-Rating called for!
Excellent.
So happy I purchased it.
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.
GARBAGE!
What a piece of CRAP.
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
Good bang for the buck.
Unbelievable.
Dead after 4 months
Really weird.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
No issues so far.
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
My family loves it.
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.
My wife cooks dinners on Sunday for the duration of the work week.
Nice!
I searched all over our town for a large Panasonic microwave that had all the features that I was looking for.
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
expensive piece of junk
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
No complaints.
Only had it a month, but so far no problems.
Two problems in as many months
In fact my previous microwave was a Panasonic and lasted for years before I started having problems with it.
Maybe I just got a lemon.
Very disappointing!
You get what you pay for!
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
AWESOME.
:)Well, wait...
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
always go with Orville (its worth the extra dollar) and try some Jiffy Pop if you haven't before.. you will never look at microwave popcorn the same way again... :)
Dead after 10 months
They don't work either.Update:  I may have spoken a little hastily.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
Sufficient
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.
No kidding.
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."
:)
Unevan Cooking and Loud
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
Not a chance!!
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
Heard all good comments on this one.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
Reliable
It dies on me after many years.
Very loud.
Hard to figure out.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
etc.
Quick and easy use.
Needs a better light.
Well, as easy as it can be with an office of messy ba_tards that don't clean up after themselves.
;)
I am very concerned.
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.
My brother has had one for 25 years.
WAY-TOO-NOISY (+_+)!
ft.
Our old microwave was over 20 years old and also was a Panasonic.
NICE!
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.
to reheat a cup of coffee.
Needed a countertop microwave for a new home customer and was shopping price.
more than i bargained for
Just what I needed!
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.
Thanks!
A Little Disappointing
Well, you get what you pay for.
Right now my wife and I are very pleased
I don't know what went wrong
Would recommend!
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
Once it starts getting a little brown, it goes very fast.A couple of other complaints I have:1.
Except for toasting bread.
Told me I would have to pay to ship new one plus pay to send broken one to them.
I still had to pay to send the broken one.
At least 10 days later- another phone- I got my new one yesterday Dec.14.
My first call to them was Nov. 18 I sent the broken one back today.
Just what I needed.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
It is perfect!
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.
Bought 6 months ago and so far no problems.
Burn hazard !!!!
Love
Recommend
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
It's going back.
Did realize that was asking so much!
It does the job.
Feh!
Hot Damn, This Shit Makes My Morning
Every morning.
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Reasonably priced2.
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
That's where things went down hill pretty quickly.
After 22 mins.
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.
I sure wish everything could be that simple.
This is one of those.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
What a pain compared to this product.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
This was a gift and they are still thanking me
Highly recommended
Nice but not perfect.... nevermind
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
It  worth what we paid for it.
Needed a 4 slice toaster for larger family
Would not recommend
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
The only thing...
Somewhat Disappointed
Lots of fun.
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also it's very pretty.
As for the most important part?
Okay
I bought this one for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
Convenient and delicious start to the day
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
I'm truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless.
Pathetic.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
Very nice so far
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.
So far it's working.I have had this thing for about two weeks.
Would recommend!!
!
Strangely uneven and quick to break but . . .
We were looking for a toaster that could handle long slices AND bagels .
.
.
.
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
Great
Great idea, but it burns everything
No response.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
A minor issue in an otherwise great device.
We are retired people.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set it up.
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.
I liked the old toaster oven for the simple reason it was easy to toast bread, bagels, etc.
It's OK, or good enough, but nothing to write home about.
Dissapointed
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.
not properly alligned.
I would recommend to anyone !
Gave it as a gift.
Extremely Disappointed
Great
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.
We are an office of 18 and boy do we love hot toasty food.
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
I would give this about 2.5 stars.
Sturdy and small.
Convenient
And beautiful.
Great Deal!!!!
Wonderful
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
Attractive and Functional
I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
Yes it is expensive, but so worth it to me!
This is both.
They fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
pad.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
We have had no issues with it.
Very happy with it.
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.
Once attached they stay there!
We'd recommend it highly.
Nice
Would highly recommend.
I may return this after this week.
had it for months now.
be persistent worth buying!
!
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement.
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Would recommend.
YES. BUY IT IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
Flawless
Lots of compliments.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
Great Fit
I love it.
Would buy more.
As a fan would definitely recommend.
Better than expected
So far this has been great.
Junk
What a load of trash.
Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
It's really a waste of money.
It has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.
Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier
I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!
My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun.
I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam it opens as if not locked at all.
Perfect!
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.
Disappointing
Cheap, and a waste.
It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
I am very disappointed.
Save your money don't get this.
LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!
I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.
Perfect.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.
Just What I've Always Needed
I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Really great product
but i didn't get what i expected.
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.
I love it.
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.
overall a pleasure.
can't be beat
!,so you do not damage it.
Not useful
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
Highly recommendable....
Sturdy
I love it!!
!
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!
I bought two!
So farso good
Great!
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
Then it would be perfect!
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
Great so far.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
Average
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500).
Excellent
I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size.
I returned for refund.
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
So far, that has their attention!
Good enough
There are no dents.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
I've had this about six months and not one major issue.
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.
Excellent
I'm very impressed.
Thanks.
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
I'm in love...
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.
Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute.
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
Highly recommend it.
not what i thought.
Does exactly what I want it to do!
That's really a very small quibble.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
Well, I gave it a test run.
LOL :)!!!!
Thanx, Hoover!
It's just sitting there.
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.
ie.
Love this product!
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!
:)
Doesn't work...don't buy
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
amazed!
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.
sucks
C'mon!
great for what it is!
WOW.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
but overall i would say it is worth the money.
!
When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.
That was always a very dusty process.
This one's a keeper.
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!
:)
!
Love love love
I'm not sure.
All I know is that it was a huge pain to us.
I'm not sure what the problem is, but it's not worth it to us to fix it seeing as we were frustrated with it to begin with.
got a pet??
buy this one.
But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed.
If not given the attention it needs, it will clog.
Badly.
If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something.
We were lucky when we first did it.
Underpowered
This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!
I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it.
WHAT???
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I can't recommend this beauty enough!
being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.
ok.
Fabulous!
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.
Then I bought this little charmer.
I use it for the whole house!
All 650 sf.
Will Pay for Itself
I have had mine for years!
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
Fantastic!
I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job!
You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind.
:-)
I purchsed it about a month ago.
If I knew it I would have not bought it.
But here is a headsup.
Any other people having this problem?
Perfect for new baby..
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
I absolutely love it.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
But it is better than you would expect.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
Sorry but...didn't like it at all
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
I recommend it highly!
single mom's best friend
A wonderful Gift
I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry.
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
!
Wish we had found it sooner!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
I wish I had bought this years ago.
Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!
!
Does a good job.
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.
Tide makes a good one.
Your mileage may vary.
(A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).
Thinking about getting one for my mom
Absolutly everything I expected.
I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues.
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!
!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub.
So, Love, Love, Love!!
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.
I purchased this for my daughter.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Lesson learned!
very useful
!
Gift From the Heavens!!!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
Yay!
We were happy so far....
!
Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I took them out and was pleased to see that they were back to their normal self.
Oh my, where to start.
I feel like I get a little workout from it too.
So glad I found this......
:)
you choose.
How did I live without it??
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither.
Perfect Alternative
Wish I had bought one ages ago
So far, so good!
It's done everything it said it would do.
I can highly recommend it to my friends.
You get what you pay for.
Summary of my Review
It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!
!
Excellent For What You Get
You can do it .
It is very versatile .
Very convenient
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.
broken from the get go
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
pristine.
While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either.
