Great, if it worked properly
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Otherwise, I would high recommend it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
very pleased
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
Not necessary with this machine.
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
coffee lovers machine
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
Slightly disappointing
We've had it for a few years.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
Beware.
meh
i'll end up keeping it.
just frustrated, really.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
there must be something better out there.
Pleased so far
If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
Lots of sputtering.
They were useless to help me.
Too bulky for just that though.
Received exactly what was ordered.
Failed again, exactly the same way.
And I love it.
Not good, great.
Anybody want it?
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Very quick - would highly recommend it.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
Here's why:1.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
Sparkles like new!
Pretty good but...
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
Dies after 1 1/2 years
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
What machine can't do this?
Buyer Beware!
Now for the bad news.
Be Careful
I am careful and it can still happen.
The best product ever received
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
!
I would highly recommend it.
thanks.
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.
All in all, a great buy.
Compact, lightweight.
But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
Not worth the $$
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
Why??
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Which still works.
Thanks for nothing, China!
Wow, convenient and good looking
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.
Very nice.
I hope they last for some time.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
Just started using it, and liking it very much.
Perfect
A simple Suggestion
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue.
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
You will be pleased.
Amazing!!!
Enjoy!
Leaked and splattered
Originally I thought, no big deal.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.
I just sat it down on the counter.
I have had it for a month now.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I feel bad for you.
Holding up just fine.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
Defective
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
That's all that counts.
disappointed
Awsome
But I set it up.
$30 for 4 really?
Big mistake.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
Awesome Gift
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
No good!!
Overall I would not recommend buying these.
Beware...
This is not going to work for my light appetizer reception.
I will be returning.
This was on at least three of them.
Fabulous value for everyday use
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
Most were very good reviews.
I really don't think you'll go wrong with this product.
A Cut Above
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
I am a hobby kitchen dude and for the casual kitchen dweller you have found what you are looking for.
Not Stainless Steel
great and sturdy
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
=) will purchase again in the future if I have too
Junk.
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
Sketchy Advertising
This is not what I received
I've been hand washing them and haven't had any problems so far.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
A Classic Style
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
I'm really glad I did.
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
!
Excellent value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
Read This Before You Buy
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
So damn funny.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
Not what I was hoping for!
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
:-(
You get what you pay for
Great
Great if you like RUSTY knives
Awsome!
Sharp!
Worst knives ever...seriously
Not me.
Nope.
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
I am not even kidding you.
Rusted.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
Not as impressed as others .... returned
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
!
for outdoor wedding
Inexpense but well crafted
Will reccommend to others.
Win win for me.
Almost perfect
Despite this pain in the a**, I would recommend.
dont buy.
Super!
What more could you want?
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
Great buy.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
Contact authorized dealer."
Highly recommend!
Powerful and elegant!
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
I would buy another one.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my needs
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
Too bad.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
It heats until it senses steam/heat given off the food.
But it's also stupid, since there's no control over the power level.
4 yeas and going strong
I have really got my monies worth..
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
Better than expected!
Buy This!
Spacious and smart!
Use daily.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
Died within 4 months of purchase
At first things were going well...but just as my father always taught me...you get what you pay for, son.
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
I learned my lesson.
Very positively impressed! Five-Star-Rating called for!
Five-Star-Rating called for!
Excellent.
So happy I purchased it.
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
GARBAGE!
What a piece of CRAP.
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
Extremely Satisfied User
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
Unbelievable.
Dead after 4 months
Really weird.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
No issues so far.
One hot micro
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
My family loves it.
We bought it to use in the workshop.
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.
Nice!
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
expensive piece of junk
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
No complaints.
Only had it a month, but so far no problems.
Two problems in as many months
Maybe I just got a lemon.
Very disappointing!
You get what you pay for!
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
If I end up using one of these features in the future, I'll update this review with the new info.All in all, it's a great machine.
AWESOME.
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
Yes, popcorn.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
:)Well, wait...
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
Dead after 10 months
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
They don't work either.Update:  I may have spoken a little hastily.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
Sufficient
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.
No kidding.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
:)
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
Not a chance!!
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
Reliable
Very loud.
Hard to figure out.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
etc.
Quick and easy use.
Needs a better light.
Well, as easy as it can be with an office of messy ba_tards that don't clean up after themselves.
;)
I am very concerned.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
My brother has had one for 25 years.
WAY-TOO-NOISY (+_+)!
ft.
NICE!
This was the best choice.
more than i bargained for
Just what I needed!
Thanks!
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
Still, the noise is of some concern.
A Little Disappointing
Well, you get what you pay for.
Right now my wife and I are very pleased
I don't know what went wrong
Would recommend!
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
Once it starts getting a little brown, it goes very fast.A couple of other complaints I have:1.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
Just what I needed.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
Bought 6 months ago and so far no problems.
Burn hazard !!!!
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
Love
Recommend
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
It's going back.
Did realize that was asking so much!
Feh!
No more drive to McDonald for me.
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.
Best toaster I ever owned
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
Worth every penny I paid for it.
Hot Damn, This Shit Makes My Morning
Every morning.
Works
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
A kitchen essential - highly recommended
Nice device
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Example of when digital is not better
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
Always stays cool!
That's where things went down hill pretty quickly.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
After 22 mins.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
I sure wish everything could be that simple.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
What a pain compared to this product.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
This was a gift and they are still thanking me
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
Highly recommended
Nice but not perfect.... nevermind
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.
Would not recommend
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
The only thing...
I think it is in the wrong position.
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
4 holer
Somewhat Disappointed
Great gift for a kid
Lots of fun.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
As for the most important part?
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
Okay
Doesn't Pop up easily
Convenient and delicious start to the day
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
Good value
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
I'm truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless.
Does not toast evenly
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
Pathetic.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
Very nice so far
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
Waste of Money
Would recommend!!
!
Strangely uneven and quick to break but . . .
.
.
.
sometimes you needed level 5 .
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.
Great
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
No response.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
A minor issue in an otherwise great device.
But these are very small concerns.
We are retired people.
(cord).
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
Dissapointed
not properly alligned.
I would recommend to anyone !
Gave it as a gift.
Extremely Disappointed
Great
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
Sturdy and small.
Convenient
It's heavy duty.
I've tried every toaster ever made.
And beautiful.
Great Deal!!!!
Wonderful
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
Attractive and Functional
I don't have a place to hide a can.
This is both.
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
pad.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
Once attached they stay there!
Nice
Would highly recommend.
I may return this after this week.
had it for months now.
be persistent worth buying!
!
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement.
We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Would recommend.
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
Flawless
Lots of compliments.
Small
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
good for first year, now is stinky
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
Great Fit
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
I love it.
Bought 5 in several colors.
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.
Would buy more.
As a fan would definitely recommend.
Better than expected
Great for an unorthodox use
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
Junk
What a load of trash.
Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
Excellent for the first year
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier
I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Where you place the trash can is important.
Broke within 3 months
works except for one annoying thing
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
Perfect!
Disappointing
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
Cheap, and a waste.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
I am very disappointed.
Save your money don't get this.
LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
Great for adult Depends disposal
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
I'm happy I found these.
Perfect.
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
I have three of this trash bin.
Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
Just What I've Always Needed
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
Really great product
received in good condition.
but i didn't get what i expected.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
I love it.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
overall a pleasure.
can't be beat
!,so you do not damage it.
Not useful
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
Highly recommendable....
Sturdy
I love it!!
!
I bought two!
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
So farso good
Great!
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
Less waste/garbage and no stink.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
Then it would be perfect!
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
Great so far.
This was purchased for our deck.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
Average
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
Excellent
Too small
This one is about a quart size.
I returned for refund.
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
So far, that has their attention!
Good enough
There are no dents.
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
And really it's just a trash can.
It does its job, but nothing more.
I've had this about six months and not one major issue.
Excellent
I'm very impressed.
Thanks.
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
I'm in love...
Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute.
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
Highly recommend it.
not what i thought.
That's really a very small quibble.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
Well, I gave it a test run.
LOL :)!!!!
Thanx, Hoover!
And, get extra batteries if needed...
It's just sitting there.
ie.
Love this product!
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!
:)
Doesn't work...don't buy
Well Worth the Money
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
amazed!
sucks
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
C'mon!
great for what it is!
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
WOW.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
You have to go over the hoses.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
!
That was always a very dusty process.
This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
:)
!
Love love love
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
I'm not sure.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
Should have bought this when my house was new
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
got a pet??
buy this one.
no pets..buy this one!
But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
Badly.
I wasted time and money.
If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something.
We were lucky when we first did it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Underpowered
This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!
I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it.
WHAT???
This thing is crazy!!
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I can't recommend this beauty enough!
being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
ok.
Fabulous!
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
Then I bought this little charmer.
All 650 sf.
Will Pay for Itself
I have had mine for years!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
It was definitely a wise investment.
Fantastic!
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
:-)
I purchsed it about a month ago.
If I knew it I would have not bought it.
But here is a headsup.
Any other people having this problem?
Perfect for new baby..
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
I absolutely love it.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
A+
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
single mom's best friend
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
A wonderful Gift
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
!
Wish we had found it sooner!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
I wish I had bought this years ago.
Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!
!
Does a good job.
Your mileage may vary.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.
Thinking about getting one for my mom
Absolutly everything I expected.
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!
So, Love, Love, Love!!
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
Wonder Washer
I purchased this for my daughter.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Lesson learned!
very useful
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
!
Gift From the Heavens!!!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
Yay!
We were happy so far....
!
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
Oh my, where to start.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
Great buy
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
I feel like I get a little workout from it too.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
So glad I found this......
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
:)
the reviews are true
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
you choose.
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
Perfect Alternative
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
Wish I had bought one ages ago
So far, so good!
You get what you pay for.
Summary of my Review
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
!
Excellent For What You Get
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
I love thatthing a lot .
You can do it .
It is very versatile .
Very convenient
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
Its great for a small family.
If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
broken from the get go
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
pristine.
