Great, if it worked properly
You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat.
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Otherwise, I would high recommend it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
very pleased
It has a low, medium and high setting.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
Not necessary with this machine.
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
coffee lovers machine
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.
Slightly disappointing
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.
Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier.
If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly.
I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.
It was fine until it caught fire this morning
We've had it for a few years.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
Beware.
meh
i'll end up keeping it.
just frustrated, really.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
there must be something better out there.
i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.
Pleased so far
I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water.
If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
I had two coffemakers.
Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.
Lots of sputtering.
This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.
Called the company.
They were useless to help me.
The first one I had for about six months.
The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.
Too bulky for just that though.
If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting.
For everything in between you can just keep it on medium.
Coffee Maker
Received exactly what was ordered.
The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month.
Failed again, exactly the same way.
And I love it.
Not good, great.
So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.
I am a Starbucks fan, not Dunkin, so I like a deep rich coffee.
I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.
I was using Dark Magic K-cups.
Anybody want it?
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Very quick - would highly recommend it.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.
Here's why:1.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!
One to two pots a day and I got used to the features after a few weeks.
Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.
Sparkles like new!
Pretty good but...
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
Dies after 1 1/2 years
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.
Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker
This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it.
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
What machine can't do this?
Buyer Beware!
Now for the bad news.
I should add that I use only spring water,have cleaned the two "needles" that puncture the K-cups and have even cleaned it with vinegar as recommended.For those who are considering buying this product,do a Google search on it and you will see countless numbers of people who have had the problem I am having and ones much worse.
Be Careful
I am careful and it can still happen.
The best product ever received
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
!
I would highly recommend it.
thanks.
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version.
Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans.
It will also shorten the life of the machine.
I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2.
Clean the brew mechanism once a week.
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
Use spring water instead of tap water.
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc.
As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino?
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long.
If you are planning to serve cappuccino at dinner parties, then you are committing Italian heresy - cappuccino is only served in the morning.CONS1.
Super double espresso in an espresso cup.
I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense.
Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.
All in all, a great buy.
Compact, lightweight.
But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
Not worth the $$
I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price.
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe.
Why??
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out.
And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it.
Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long.
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex.
Which still works.
Thanks for nothing, China!
Wow, convenient and good looking
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.
Very nice.
I hope they last for some time.
A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
One can of course keep on using regular filter.
The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop.
Just started using it, and liking it very much.
Perfect
A simple Suggestion
The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
If you can handle this it's a good coffee maker.
We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.
This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.
We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
Compared to a My K-Cup, this wins
I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue.
I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted).
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.
Spoke with Melitta customer service.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
You will be pleased.
(Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
Amazing!!!
Enjoy!
I bought this since my drip coffee maker died.
I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday.
I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones.
Leaked and splattered
I have trusted Melita.
I had this coffee maker for 4 months.
Originally I thought, no big deal.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.
I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.
I just sat it down on the counter.
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.
I have had it for a month now.
This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to.
It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity.
If you're using E.S.E.
I feel bad for you.
Holding up just fine.
I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.
I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice.
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
Coffee Maker
I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one.
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
If you like your coffee extra hot, you won't get it that way with this pot.
Defective
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
That's all that counts.
disappointed
Awsome
Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS.
But I set it up.
$30 for 4 really?
Big mistake.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.
Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come.
I bought this set of knives for our house down the shore to replace the procut generic knives we inherited with the house.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
Awesome Gift
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
No good!!
Overall I would not recommend buying these.
Beware...
This is not going to work for my light appetizer reception.
I will be returning.
This was on at least three of them.
Fabulous value for everyday use
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.
That way I don't have to keep the old unmatched stuff.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
I read many of the previous reviews before I bought.
Most were very good reviews.
I really don't think you'll go wrong with this product.
A Cut Above
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
I am a hobby kitchen dude and for the casual kitchen dweller you have found what you are looking for.
Not Stainless Steel
great and sturdy
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
=) will purchase again in the future if I have too
Junk.
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
Sketchy Advertising
The set I found elsewhere (since I believe in handling my potential purchases so I can read what the label actually says) uses German steel.
The knives are assembled in Spain, the block and sharpening post made in China and the scissors made in Japan.
This is not what I received
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
I've been hand washing them and haven't had any problems so far.
I am sure I could have exchanged them for another set, but in the end they are just spoons.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
A Classic Style
I somehow manage to lose all my cutlery.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
I'm really glad I did.
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
Gotta stop taking spoons and knives to work!
!
Excellent value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
Read This Before You Buy
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
Google Ginsu Knives before you go further.
So damn funny.
Ginsu Chikara nives
This is an eight peice set which includes the bamboo stand, scissors and a shapening rod as well.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
Not what I was hoping for!
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
:-(
You get what you pay for
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.
It is unbeleivably HORRIBLE!
Is it because of the type of steel used?, the forging process?, metal treatment?, or whatever else may be, I do not know.
Ginsu Chikara Knife Set
Great
I probalby will never use all the knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives
Awsome!
Sharp!
I ended up in ER for slicing my finger whilst trying to take them out of their packaging!
Worst knives ever...seriously
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.
Not me.
Nope.
The worst part...I decided that since I bought new knives I wouldn't wash them in the dishwasher.
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
I am not even kidding you.
Rusted.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
Not as impressed as others .... returned
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
!
for outdoor wedding
Inexpense but well crafted
Will reccommend to others.
Win win for me.
Almost perfect
Despite this pain in the a**, I would recommend.
dont buy.
tried returning but its out of warranty,,serious junk,,stay away.
Super!
What more could you want?
Our twelve-year-old Kenmore finally died.
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.
Turning off the beep function also turns off the end-of-cycle beep.
"Conclusion:Although not perfect, we are satisfied overall after using this unit for two months.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.
Panasonic NN-Sn651B Genius 1.2 cuft-Watt Sensor Microwace
Great buy.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
I searched every local dealer for a full-sizedblack Panasonic microwave.
So, I did what I said I'd never do and buy an appliance online.
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.
Contact authorized dealer."
Kenmore elite black 1.5 cu.ft. countertop Microwave w/ TruecookPlus
Highly recommend!
Powerful and elegant!
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
I have a similar model at home, but I bought this for the office.
I would buy another one.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my needs
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
It's small but the measurements listed it as being 11.5 x 19.5 x 14 1/5 and the measurements are actually 11.5 x 17 x 10.
The inside of it measures 10 3/4 wide and 11.5 deep.
This is ok if the largest thing you're heating up is a dinner plate.
I had to cut the paper towel I usually place on top of the bacon to reduce splatters the exact shape of the plate because it kept catching on the walls and folding up.
It has buttons with food pictures that you press to choose a time, and then you press start.
The turntable spins, and it light up, whirrs and beeps just like the real thing.
I only wish it were a little more powerful.
But it's a second microwave for me, so I use the higher-wattage one if I need more power.
Mostly bought it for looks!
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
As it is a second microwave which I mostly bought for looks, I may see if it is worth repairing.
Too bad.
It has a power button that reduces cooking power by reducing continuous cooking energy, not, as most do, by cycling on/off at full power.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.
There's also a "smart reheat" button that's great.
It heats until it senses steam/heat given off the food.
But it's also stupid, since there's no control over the power level.
There's a "Smart Cook" button, that also cooks by sensing the steam/heat given off by the food.
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.
Kenmore 1.2 cu. ft. TrueCookPlus Countertop Microwave -6633
4 yeas and going strong
I have really got my monies worth..
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
Better than expected!
I have had this microwave about a month now.
Buy This!
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.
Spacious and smart!
Use daily.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
As soon as I opened the box, it took me like one minute tops and I slowly and carefully removed it with no trace of the sticker even having been there.
Died within 4 months of purchase
At first things were going well...but just as my father always taught me...you get what you pay for, son.
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
I learned my lesson.
Very positively impressed! Five-Star-Rating called for!
Five-Star-Rating called for!
Microwave Oven
Excellent.
So happy I purchased it.
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
GARBAGE!
What a piece of CRAP.
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
Extremely Satisfied User
I was on the hunt for a larger countertop microwave when I found this one on Amazon.
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
We use a microwave primarily to heat up cooked foods and liquids, bake potatoes and pop popcorn.
Good bang for the buck.
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.
I called Panasonic because it was still under warranty and they gave me a case number to have the microwave repaired.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
We have definitely made some changes and can't wait to finally get our microwave back.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
Can't believe they wouldn't just send me a new one rather than have me go to a repair shop.
Unbelievable.
Dead after 4 months
Bought at the end of August and just died on me tonight when I was making popcorn.
Really weird.
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
I bought a new house and needed a countertop unit.
After searching through the stores and online, I finally decided on this model.
No issues so far.
One hot micro
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Bought this microwave for a trip to Yellowstone NP in June '10.
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
Most microwave ovens have a rotating plate inside with several inches to the side where the magnetron that provides heating power resides and the displays are situated.
This one places the magnetron below, along with the displays; the interior exactly surrounds the 11 inch rotating plate.
I purchased this item about a month ago and I love it.
My family loves it.
Dimensions: 20" x 15" x 12" (W x D x H)
We bought it to use in the workshop.
Panasonic 1.2 cuft 1200-Watt Sensor Microwave
My wife cooks dinners on Sunday for the duration of the work week.
We reheat in the microwave all week, plus there are lots of other non-dinner microwave projects.
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.
On a related note, we now religiously employ a microwave food cover to avoid spatters and the "floor" is always covered with a (non-rotating) paper towel to keep the cavity in like-new condition.
Nice!
the user interface.
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Are you softening a quart of ice cream or a stick of butter?
Review of Panasonic Microwaves
I searched all over our town for a large Panasonic microwave that had all the features that I was looking for.
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
There is a Child Proofing adjustment and I wonder if perhaps they set that by mistake?
expensive piece of junk
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
After 5 years of using an inverter microwave, the choice was clear - just get the same model we had.
That's this Panasonic.
No complaints.
When following directions to microwave a food product for 1 minute 30 seconds, you must schedule 2 minutes and stand by to stop it at 1:30.
Only had it a month, but so far no problems.
Two problems in as many months
I own a number of Panasonic products.
In fact my previous microwave was a Panasonic and lasted for years before I started having problems with it.
So we bought this Panasonic.
Maybe I just got a lemon.
During the heating the microwave was loud enough to drown the noise of the fan.
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.
Very disappointing!
You get what you pay for!
Just put the food in, and press the button.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
If I end up using one of these features in the future, I'll update this review with the new info.All in all, it's a great machine.
AWESOME.
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
I bought this microwave for the sole purpose of....
POPCORN.
Yes, popcorn.
However, perhaps it was shifting because, again, the popcorn bag was getting caught on the sides of the microwave.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
:)Well, wait...
I did use it to try and soften butter, but that is never a good idea to do in a microwave, so I cannot fault the microwave for melting the center of my butter after being in there for... 10 seconds.
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
always go with Orville (its worth the extra dollar) and try some Jiffy Pop if you haven't before.. you will never look at microwave popcorn the same way again... :)
and the sensor reheat feature.
Dead after 10 months
We used it very little and mainly to heat tea water.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
Have you ever used Sunbeam batteries?
They don't work either.Update:  I may have spoken a little hastily.
They sent me an e-mail with instructions on filling out the proper forms which consisted of removing the plastic label from the back of the microwave that had  the serial number and product manufacturing date and attaching it to the form.
Taking a pic of the cut power cord so they will know you just ain't saying this stuff to get a refund.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.
Sufficient
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.
No kidding.
No lugging it from a cart to my car.
:)
Black Microwave
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
For example, if you take 2 bowls of oatmeal, exactly measured for both.
Well, I thought, maybe as the Microwave heats up, it will overcook.
Not a chance!!
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Bought this microwave during Thanksgiving time.
Used very lightly for two months.
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
Reliable
It cooks well.
Panasonic NN SN651B
Very loud.
Hard to figure out.
I bought a Panasonic in 1975.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
That and countless coffees, teas, burned popcorn!
etc.
Quick and easy use.
Needs a better light.
Don't loose the manual!
The door button seems to stick but returns to normal when you close the door.
Well, as easy as it can be with an office of messy ba_tards that don't clean up after themselves.
;)
I am very concerned.
I will report back what reply I receive, so that you can make up your mind on purchasing from Panasonic.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
You can heat cups, small sized bowls.
My brother has had one for 25 years.
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.
WAY-TOO-NOISY (+_+)!
ft.
Panasonic  Genius "Prestige" Microwave
Our old microwave was over 20 years old and also was a Panasonic.
NICE!
to reheat a cup of coffee.
Panasonic Microwave
Needed a countertop microwave for a new home customer and was shopping price.
This was the best choice.
Panasonic Microwave
more than i bargained for
Just what I needed!
I ordered this corner microwave due to a very limited amount of counter space.
Thanks!
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
Still, the noise is of some concern.
A Little Disappointing
Well, you get what you pay for.
Right now my wife and I are very pleased
I don't know what went wrong
Don't listen to those who complain about the supposed "chip" on the top of the microwave.
I've owned two of these Panasonic microwaves, and they both had this.
Would recommend!
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.
Our First Toaster Oven
Even tho we have been married for 44 years, this is the first toaster oven we have ever owned.
Frozen french fries, tater tots, chicken breasts, etc.
But for toasting bread, just use your pop up toaster.
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
It has a beeper for the toasting and bagel function, just lets you know your toast is burnt.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
Once it starts getting a little brown, it goes very fast.A couple of other complaints I have:1.
Just enough for us.2.
Maybe just a little slower.4.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
Its much better for reheating pizza than a microwave.
Except for toasting bread.
I called cuisinart and they sent a new one.
Told me I would have to pay to ship new one plus pay to send broken one to them.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
At least 10 days later- another phone- I got my new one yesterday Dec.14.
My first call to them was Nov. 18 I sent the broken one back today.
Just what I needed.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
I purchased this toaster oven in hopes of making cooking a little easier and cutting down on my electric bill because I'm not using my oven.
Bought 6 months ago and so far no problems.
Burn hazard !!!!
It's a toaster!
I've now had this toaster for three years and I've only used the egg feature twice.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
Love
Recommend
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
One side of the bread is darker, other side considerably, noticeably lighter.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
Also if you toast twice in a row at the same setting, both batches are very different.
It's going back.
I just want a toaster to toast the bread, evenly.
Did realize that was asking so much!
Feh!
No more drive to McDonald for me.
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.
Best toaster I ever owned
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.
Worth every penny I paid for it.
SO, this Breville was bought to replace the Dualit 'Lite' (Yes, it was their $150, 'cheap' model) 4 slice toaster.
Hot Damn, This Shit Makes My Morning
Every morning.
Works
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
A kitchen essential - highly recommended
Nice device
I recently purchased this item after a lot of research.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
Wonderful toaster!
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Example of when digital is not better
Lift mechanism to lift up toast that's "too small"6.
LED indicator to show how much time remaining.7.
So with 7 very nice pros and 1 Con how can I only give it 2 stars?The primary function of a toaster is to toast bread/bagels/poptarts etc.
With the older analog toasters you turn a dial to set the desired "doneness" of your toast.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
This is frequently in between to "settings"  but since it's an analog dial that's ok.This toaster, however, has numeric settings.
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
Always stays cool!
Even has a cancel button...
That's where things went down hill pretty quickly.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
After feeling a little foolish for needing help to operate a toaster, I called the Black and Decker help line.
After 22 mins.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
May I propose a Toaster of the First Order
I decided on a simple approach and set the timer to the mid range instead of going from the bottom to the top and trying to remember which one was the best.
I sure wish everything could be that simple.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
What a pain compared to this product.
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
This was a gift and they are still thanking me
I myself have an older model (actually two one in my Michigan house for summer and one in Florida house for winter).
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
Highly recommended
Purchased for the end to end design.
Nice but not perfect.... nevermind
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.
So far it makes toast.
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.
Needed a 4 slice toaster for larger family
Received the toaster and have been using for about a month.
I've toasted buns and it works out OK.I'm satisfied.
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.
Ann, my wife, had seen and used a Breville at a friend's house, so we bought one.
Would not recommend
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
Great for breakfast, fast, and easy.........hard to clean though
Toaster plus
The only thing...
I think it is in the wrong position.
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
4 holer
Somewhat Disappointed
Great gift for a kid
Gift for an 11 year old that loves hot dogs.
Lots of fun.
I kind of think i should have bought the larger model, because there have been a couple time that i have had a guest over and it would have been nice to get both eggs done in one shot.
The problems others have had about retrieving toast are easily remedied when you pull up on the toast lever(for lack of a better word).
I was happy to replace our old, basic toaster that we have been using for the last 5 years.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
When the Russell Hobbs 2 Slice Toaster arrived I actually read the user manual.
You have the frozen, re-heat, bagel and eject buttons.
There is also a 1-6 dial for setting your toasting level, too bad it doesn't go to 11.
As for the most important part?
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
Okay
I bought this one for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
I do find that with Udi's bread, if it's dried out a bit I have to push the button down for a bit more browning and then have to unplug it mid-stream to keep the bread from getting too brown.I'm satisfied with it.
Doesn't Pop up easily
Convenient and delicious start to the day
I've had this thing for about six months now (I think).
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
You do have to adjust the setting depending on what you are toasting.
I set it to 2 for raisen bread and 6 for English muffins.
I haven't tried the reheat feature, but will try it the next time I cook eggs and toast.
The manual pop-up is on the light-dark control so you don't have to, and shouldn't, pull up on the handle.
And when done, if you push up on the handle, it elevates hard to retrieve items (like English muffins) up a little so you can grab on to them.
Good value
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
(and it makes toast too ?)
Ts - 260 2 Slice Toaster White
I purchased this toaster on ebay.
I'm truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless.
Does not toast evenly
It probably weighs 10oz.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
Red toaster
You can hear the thermostat click over in side the toaster and shut off the elements.
Pathetic.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.
Very nice so far
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
So far it's working.I have had this thing for about two weeks.
I've made 7 egg sandwiches.
It took a couple tries to find the water level that resulted in an egg that way I like it (I prefer the yoke completely cooked but still orangish and not hard, in my machine that equals a splash over the "medium" line in the cup).
I just drain the egg pan into the sink before dropping the egg onto the bread.
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.
Waste of Money
The repair person said it is the solenoid that switches on and off when toaster is plugged in.
Would recommend!!
!
Strangely uneven and quick to break but . . .
We were looking for a toaster that could handle long slices AND bagels .
.
Sometimes level 2 would be enough to toast a piece of bread .
.
.
sometimes you needed level 5 .
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.
Great
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
At first I thought it was because I was using frozen waffles in it, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and manually handled the toasting.
No response.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
Really makes cleaning easy.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
And that will occasionally make you start baking your toast rather than toasting it, if you don't check beforehand.
A minor issue in an otherwise great device.
But these are very small concerns.
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.
We are retired people.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set it up.
(cord).
Sunbeam toaster
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
I liked the old toaster oven for the simple reason it was easy to toast bread, bagels, etc.
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
It's OK, or good enough, but nothing to write home about.
Dissapointed
toaster oven
not properly alligned.
I would recommend to anyone !
Gave it as a gift.
Extremely Disappointed
This is the second time I have ordered this exact same toaster.
Both toasters did not function properly straight out of the box.
Great
Exchanged it and the second one works amazing.
toaster oven
We are an office of 18 and boy do we love hot toasty food.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER
THIS IS AN UPDATE TWO YEARS LATER (01/13)...STILL WORKING AS DESCRIBED BELOW...KEEPS GOING AND GOING...I'm writing this review out of frustration re: trying to find a new toaster, and we're now going to keep this one, and you may want to give it a try, too.
To wit: We bought this for a little over $10 at a mass market store more than five years ago.
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
It's pretty, and I'm not sure what another reviewer was saying about only 1 side working.
Sturdy and small.
Convenient
It's heavy duty.
I've tried every toaster ever made.
The blue LED lights show you how long it will take till it's done.Want to check how your toast is doing?
And beautiful.
Great Deal!!!!
Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can
Wonderful
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.
Attractive and Functional
I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!
I don't have a place to hide a can.
This is both.
We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can.
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
The first is that it has no interior pail so the bag simply hangs in there but it is secured by a removable hard plastic rim that encircles the can near the top.
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.
Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.
At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S.
pad.
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor
Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin.
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.
It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.
Once attached they stay there!
When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.
Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.
Nice
Would highly recommend.
I may return this after this week.
had it for months now.
be persistent worth buying!
!
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement.
We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
Open top
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Would recommend.
Placing the can on a rug rather than bare floor will settle the problem.
(or whatever it says on the description.)
10-gallon waste can
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
Flawless
Lots of compliments.
Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
Small
This was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be but now looking back at the description I see it is the small version.
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
good for first year, now is stinky
However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
Great Fit
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
long at the top.
I love it.
Bought 5 in several colors.
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.
Would buy more.
Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can.
As a fan would definitely recommend.
Better than expected
We live where the pesky racoons love to get into the garbage and so far they have not been able to get this open.
Great for an unorthodox use
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.
13 gal touchless
Junk
What a load of trash.
I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days.
Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid.
Found a power cord that worked for another week.
Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
Excellent for the first year
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier
I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.
Touchless Stainless Steel Trash
Where you place the trash can is important.
I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.
Broke within 3 months
The sensor or something else?
works except for one annoying thing
My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun.
I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works.
My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.
Perfect!
Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.
Disappointing
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
Cheap, and a waste.
It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.
A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
I am very disappointed.
Save your money don't get this.
LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!
I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched.
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!
HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!!
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater.
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
Great for adult Depends disposal
I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced.
I'm happy I found these.
Perfect.
I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.
iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can
Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.
It's a wastebasket....
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
Yep, It's a Trash Holder
I have three of this trash bin.
I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.
Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
Just What I've Always Needed
I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.
Really great product
received in good condition.
but i didn't get what i expected.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
I love it.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
overall a pleasure.
can't be beat
The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.
Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway
!,so you do not damage it.
Not useful
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
Installed about two weeks ago.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
Highly recommendable....
Sturdy
I purchased this wastebasket for my office.
I love it!!
!
It is so handy when your hands are full and you need an extra hand to open the trash can lid.
I bought two!
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
So farso good
Great!
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
We have one diaper pail, this one.
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.
Less waste/garbage and no stink.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.
Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
I wash out the inside of the can as needed.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing.
Then it would be perfect!
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
Great so far.
This was purchased for our deck.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
Average
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500).
Excellent
Too small
I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size.
This one is about a quart size.
I should have read the description better.
I returned for refund.
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
So far, that has their attention!
Good enough
There are no dents.
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
I can't smell any trash when the can is closed.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic.
And really it's just a trash can.
It does its job, but nothing more.
I've had this about six months and not one major issue.
Excellent
I'm very impressed.
Thanks.
Hoover Platinum Upright
Let me tell you.
.
.
.
!
I'm in love...
Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.
Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute.
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
Highly recommend it.
not what i thought.
Does exactly what I want it to do!
I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago.
I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all.
I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.
You still have that dust cup problem.
I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.
That's really a very small quibble.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found.
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.
Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
Well, I gave it a test run.
I turned it on, pushed the peddle to unlock it from it's upright position and I was surprised at how easy it really is to manuver!
I vacuumed my living room and was surprised to see how much had come up out my carpet!
That feeling I had of wasting money, quickly went away!
This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!
LOL :)!!!!
Thanx, Hoover!
the motor broke in less than two weeks.
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.
We returned the product
We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.
And, get extra batteries if needed...
It's just sitting there.
ie.
Love this product!
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!
:)
Doesn't work...don't buy
Well Worth the Money
I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.
So, I decided to go back to Hoover.
The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.
It's very low, almost to the ground.
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.
Hoover Stem Vac
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
amazed!
This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts.
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.
around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet).
As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket.
So if you're a college student or someone living in a small apartment and you're looking for something small that can keep your floors clean, look elsewhere.
Find something with a rotary brush.
sucks
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
C'mon!
great for what it is!
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
Vac for small areas
I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials.
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal.
WOW.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment.
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.
Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
You have to go over the hoses.
and speaking of the hoses.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
wind tunnel vacuum
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
I bought this to clean the cushions in my boat.Fantastic!
!
Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum
The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.
When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.
That was always a very dusty process.
The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.
Other than the final HEPA filter there appear to be no filters that have to be replaced.
This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.
That can be handy when you go from vacuuming blinds to vacuuming the top of furniture, for instance.Those are the good things, and they are very good.
It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.
You cannot lift the longer tube off unless you have completely unstowed the power cord, as the power cord essentially lashes the tube extension to the canister base while it is stowed.Other than these complaints I'm quite impressed with this vacuum cleaner.
Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
:)
We opened the package the first day we recieved it and then spent the next 2 hours vaccuming anything and everything we could!
!
Love love love
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
I'm not sure.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
I'm not sure what the problem is, but it's not worth it to us to fix it seeing as we were frustrated with it to begin with.
Should have bought this when my house was new
I bought this vac based on the reviews.
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.
got a pet??
buy this one.
no pets..buy this one!
I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums.
For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner.
I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card.
But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed.
Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs.
Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
Badly.
I wasted time and money.
I've only used this product a few times since purchasing.
Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle
If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something.
We were lucky when we first did it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Underpowered
This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!
Crumbs on the kitchen floor?
Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?
I though it would be nice for her, as well as me, since I am the one who has to drag the upright up & down the stairs, while using the hose.
I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it.
), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT!
Eureka's Riser Visor (see product pics) lets you clean vertically by flipping the brush roller cover down.
WHAT???
This thing is crazy!!
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement.
I know that's nitpicking, but look at it this way: it's my ONLY complaint.Seriously, read through the reviews, and if you're concerned about the weight, find it in a store, even in the box, and pick it up.
I can't recommend this beauty enough!
Older Vacuums are still good
being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
ok.
Fabulous!
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
Then I bought this little charmer.
All 650 sf.
Will Pay for Itself
I have had mine for years!
I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.
It was definitely a wise investment.
Fantastic!
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed.
You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind.
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.
Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual.
I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
:-)
I purchsed it about a month ago.
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.
If I knew it I would have not bought it.
But here is a headsup.
Any other people having this problem?
Perfect for new baby..
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
I absolutely love it.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
A+
Sorry but...didn't like it at all
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.
I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it).
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
single mom's best friend
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.
Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
A wonderful Gift
I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12!
I received my washing machine 3-2-12.
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
Admittedly, it's easier if connected to a water line but not that much trouble to fill manually.Here's how I do it: Fill the tub up with water, add detergent, stir the water to mix, add clothes.
Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start.
The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine.
Next, push power button again to turn on.
Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only."
then press start, which drains the water out of the tub.
After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water.
Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above).
I rinse clothes two or three times this way.
When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it.
I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry.
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
!
Wish we had found it sooner!
This little machine is a marvel.
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
I wish I had bought this years ago.
I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set.
Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!
!
Does a good job.
dryer
I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.
For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.
Your mileage may vary.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.
So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.
Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.
For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.
For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.
(A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).
Wonder Washer
Just follow directions exact.
Thinking about getting one for my mom
Haier Compact Washer
Absolutly everything I expected.
The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb.
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!
!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub.
So, Love, Love, Love!!
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer
Wonder Washer
I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.
Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.
Basically this  is an electric hand washer.
Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.
I purchased this for my daughter.
We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
Lesson learned!
very useful
Spoiler alert! Washer is actually 30.25 inches deep!
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
!
Gift From the Heavens!!!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet.
Yay!
We were happy so far....
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!
!
I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer.
I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor.
As I read the manual, it stated exactly that.
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them.
I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle.
I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes.
Oh my, where to start.
It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box.
The metal base plate is in the top of the box.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently.
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower.
It does not in any way make the machine not new.
Great buy
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
I just do it in my bathtub.
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
I feel like I get a little workout from it too.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
So glad I found this......
This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later.
Well I did, and I love it.
I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
:)
the reviews are true
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
you choose.
I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day.
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
So needless to say this was very annoying and time consuming!After living here for 7 months my husband and I finally gave up and bought this washer.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
Perfect Alternative
I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility.
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
Wish I had bought one ages ago
So far, so good!
You get what you pay for.
Summary of my Review
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.
!
Excellent For What You Get
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
Haier Washer
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .
I love thatthing a lot .
You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash .
I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice .
You can do it .
It is very versatile .
Very convenient
I have even washed heavy jeans in this.
We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection.
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.
Its great for a small family.
If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items.
broken from the get go
Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money.
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer.
pristine.
Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine.
Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff.
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.
The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
