This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.
You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat.
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
Bought this for our workplace so several people use it.
Otherwise, I would high recommend it.
Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
very pleased
It has a low, medium and high setting.
I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing.
My carafe does leak when I pour the water in but frankly, I have never had one that did not leak.
:)
In the Aye of  A Storm
You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200.
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"
Slightly disappointing
Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier.
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.
If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly.
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.
I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.
It was fine until it caught fire this morning
We've had it for a few years.
When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate.
I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use.
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.
Beware.
meh
i'll end up keeping it.
just frustrated, really.
i've tried a couple of these and settled on this.
there must be something better out there.
i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.
Pleased so far
I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water.
If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
I had two coffemakers.
Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.
Lots of sputtering.
This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.
Called the company.
The first one I had for about six months.
The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.
Too bulky for just that though.
If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting.
For everything in between you can just keep it on medium.
Coffee Maker
Received exactly what was ordered.
The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month.
Failed again, exactly the same way.
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.
And I love it.
Not good, great.
So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.
I am a Starbucks fan, not Dunkin, so I like a deep rich coffee.
I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.
I was using Dark Magic K-cups.
Anybody want it?
I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1.
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.
Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3.
Very quick - would highly recommend it.
Updated:  After Three Yearss
We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.
Here's why:1.
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.
Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.
Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.
The lid.
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.
********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!
One to two pots a day and I got used to the features after a few weeks.
Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.
Sparkles like new!
Pretty good but...
Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss it out.
Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.
This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it.
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?
Now for the bad news.
I should add that I use only spring water,have cleaned the two "needles" that puncture the K-cups and have even cleaned it with vinegar as recommended.For those who are considering buying this product,do a Google search on it and you will see countless numbers of people who have had the problem I am having and ones much worse.
Be Careful
I am careful and it can still happen.
I go to Starbucks at least twice a week .
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys it as much as I do!!!!
!
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.
I would highly recommend it.
took it out of box and was using right away, great.
thanks.
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.
Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore?
I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version.
The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer.
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.
Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans.
I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2.
Clean the brew mechanism once a week.
Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3.
Use spring water instead of tap water.
It may build up minerals, but...4.
De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc.
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.
As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino?
If it is every day, then get the 3500.
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.
The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long.
If you are planning to serve cappuccino at dinner parties, then you are committing Italian heresy - cappuccino is only served in the morning.CONS1.
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.
Super double espresso in an espresso cup.
I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense.
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.
All in all, a great buy.
Compact, lightweight.
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.
But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards.
After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic.
I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price.
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.
Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe.
Why??
?And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it!
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.
The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out.
And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it.
Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace.
Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark.
Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex.
Which still works.
Very nice.
I hope they last for some time.
A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box.
I forgot.
Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one.
One can of course keep on using regular filter.
The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop.
Just started using it, and liking it very much.
Perfect
A simple Suggestion
The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.
While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.
We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.
This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.
We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago.
We have never had problems with it up until about a week ago.
Today it won't turn on :(.
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.
Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue.
I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted).
Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months.
If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.
Spoke with Melitta customer service.
They are going to send out a new replacement.
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot.
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.
You will be pleased.
(Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
Amazing!!!
Enjoy!
I bought this since my drip coffee maker died.
I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday.
I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones.
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)
Leaked and splattered
I had this coffee maker for 4 months.
Originally I thought, no big deal.
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.
I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.
And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.
I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.
I just sat it down on the counter.
I have had it for a month now.
This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to.
You CAN froth milk nicely.
It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong.
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.
You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more.
If yours isn't try a different grind.
I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity.
It is an excellent shot.
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.
If you're using E.S.E.
I feel bad for you.
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
Holding up just fine.
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).
I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.
I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.
(Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).
We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice.
YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!
We even use it to make mochas!
Coffee Maker
I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one.
Additional points:  1.)
2.)
3.)
Get a cheaper one
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.
If you like your coffee extra hot, you won't get it that way with this pot.
Defective
That's all that counts.
disappointed
Awsome
Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS.
But I set it up.
Big mistake.
Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.
How often have you had to "wash" your grinder?
Less than one time I'm guessing?
Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?
With this P.O.S.
Wish I had read other reviews
It only produced 16 oz.
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker
I had to replace my other set because they broke and fell apart.
Bought a set of these about 10 years ago at a fund raiser for our local FD and they are still almost as sharp as they day we bought them.
Looking forward to many happy days of cooking with these in years to come.
I bought this set of knives for our house down the shore to replace the procut generic knives we inherited with the house.
Before taking them down, still wrapped up I opened them to see if I made a good choice.
Awesome Gift
My toddler was getting frustrated by plastic fork and spoon sets, so I wanted something that was safe for her but would actually allow her to spear something on a fork.
I'm guessing it'll come in handy at some later point.
No good!!
If you dont wash and dry these knives off directly after using them you probably wont have them long.
Overall I would not recommend buying these.
Beware...
This is not going to work for my light appetizer reception.
I will be returning.
This was on at least three of them.
I was looking for substantial flatware for everyday use.
I wanted something rather streamline in design.
That way I don't have to keep the old unmatched stuff.
Those can go to my starving-artist daughter.
I read many of the previous reviews before I bought.
Most were very good reviews.
I don't understand the few real negative ones.
I really don't think you'll go wrong with this product.
A Cut Above
Well, actually, 15 cuts above anything for the kitchen I have ever owned.
The knife block is angled so it can be placed on the countertop under a cabinet and the knives removed.
I am a hobby kitchen dude and for the casual kitchen dweller you have found what you are looking for.
Guess they were simply stainless steel coated.
great and sturdy
They are wonderful.
(This may be more a testament to my dishwasher's heat retention.
=) will purchase again in the future if I have too
Junk.
The set I found elsewhere (since I believe in handling my potential purchases so I can read what the label actually says) uses German steel.
The knives are assembled in Spain, the block and sharpening post made in China and the scissors made in Japan.
This is not what I received
I've been hand washing them and haven't had any problems so far.
I am sure I could have exchanged them for another set, but in the end they are just spoons.
A Classic Style
I purchased the larger size setOneida Tuscany 45-Piece Flatware Set, Service for 8, then decided to add an additional 4 place settings...very happy with my decision.
I somehow manage to lose all my cutlery.
I can go about 6 months before I can't find a fork or a spoon (the knives are usually the last to disappear).
I'm really glad I did.
Gotta stop taking spoons and knives to work!
!
Read This Before You Buy
They started out being advertised on TV in 1978 by a guy who just died.
Google Ginsu Knives before you go further.
So damn funny.
Ginsu Chikara nives
This is an eight peice set which includes the bamboo stand, scissors and a shapening rod as well.
I ran one gently over my thumb and although it did not draw blood, it did cut my thumb!
I have not had a need to use the shapening rod yet.
Not what I was hoping for!
Bought this set so that I could use it on Thanksgiving but realized after cutting up my turkey for left overs that the larger knife ended up having ridges on the blade from bending.
Not sure why since I was not chopping up the bones of the turkey only the meat.
:-(
You get what you pay for
After 3 separate uses of the knives, at different times, the knives were quickly washed with warm water and soap and dried at once.
It is unbeleivably HORRIBLE!
Is it because of the type of steel used?, the forging process?, metal treatment?, or whatever else may be, I do not know.
Ginsu Chikara Knife Set
Great
The biggest problem is that I bought them about a year and a half ago and they pretty much started rusting immediately.
Awsome!
Sharp!
I ended up in ER for slicing my finger whilst trying to take them out of their packaging!
Not me.
Nope.
The worst part...I decided that since I bought new knives I wouldn't wash them in the dishwasher.
So I placed them in the sink to handwash.
Two days of sitting in the sink with other dirty dishes (don't judge)they had already rusted.
I am not even kidding you.
Rusted.
It wasn't like they were soaking in water they were simply in the sink with other dishes that I intended to wash by hand.
These are going back.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
Not as impressed as others .... returned
If this is what passes as sharp, then I'll hold out for knives that never need sharpening.
I hate to hand-wash dishes, but these definitely should be washed by hand for two reasons.
I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
!
for outdoor wedding
Will reccommend to others.
Win win for me.
Almost perfect
Despite this pain in the a**, I would recommend.
dont buy.
tried returning but its out of warranty,,serious junk,,stay away.
Super!
What more could you want?
Our twelve-year-old Kenmore finally died.
Anything that doesn't fit probably should not be cooked in a microwave anyway.
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.
Turning off the beep function also turns off the end-of-cycle beep.
Based on a number of other reviews, we did purchase the extended warranty.
Panasonic NN-Sn651B Genius 1.2 cuft-Watt Sensor Microwace
Great buy.
I searched every local dealer for a full-sizedblack Panasonic microwave.
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.
So, I did what I said I'd never do and buy an appliance online.
Contact authorized dealer."
Kenmore elite black 1.5 cu.ft. countertop Microwave w/ TruecookPlus
Highly recommend!
Powerful and elegant!
Before when a meal said 3 minutes, we would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food.
I have a similar model at home, but I bought this for the office.
I would buy another one.
Highly recommend!
Perfect for my needs
It's small but the measurements listed it as being 11.5 x 19.5 x 14 1/5 and the measurements are actually 11.5 x 17 x 10.
The inside of it measures 10 3/4 wide and 11.5 deep.
This is ok if the largest thing you're heating up is a dinner plate.
I had to cut the paper towel I usually place on top of the bacon to reduce splatters the exact shape of the plate because it kept catching on the walls and folding up.
It has buttons with food pictures that you press to choose a time, and then you press start.
The turntable spins, and it light up, whirrs and beeps just like the real thing.
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.
I only wish it were a little more powerful.
But it's a second microwave for me, so I use the higher-wattage one if I need more power.
Mostly bought it for looks!
** UPDATE **I received this around the end of June 2012.
As it is a second microwave which I mostly bought for looks, I may see if it is worth repairing.
Too bad.
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.
You can enter time and press cook and it works.
It has a power button that reduces cooking power by reducing continuous cooking energy, not, as most do, by cycling on/off at full power.
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.
It decrements from ten, one digit per press.
There's also a "smart reheat" button that's great.
It heats until it senses steam/heat given off the food.
But it's also stupid, since there's no control over the power level.
There's a "Smart Cook" button, that also cooks by sensing the steam/heat given off by the food.
Kenmore 1.2 cu. ft. TrueCookPlus Countertop Microwave -6633
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.
I use every day and have had it about 4 years.
Longest I have it on is for 5 minutes.
If I need longer cook time just restart for another few minutes,  May be why it has not died on me.
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!
Better than expected!
I have had this microwave about a month now.
I highly recommend it!
Buy This!
Spacious and smart!
Use daily.
I'm a college student who just moved to a small apt without a microwave so I needed something small but hardy enough to handle whatever I needed it to handle.
It came within two days and everything was where it should be.
As soon as I opened the box, it took me like one minute tops and I slowly and carefully removed it with no trace of the sticker even having been there.
We glued them on and it works.
At first things were going well...but just as my father always taught me...you get what you pay for, son.
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.
It barely made it 4 months.
I learned my lesson.
Very positively impressed! Five-Star-Rating called for!
Five-Star-Rating called for!
Microwave Oven
Excellent.
So happy I purchased it.
The staff in our office wore our last microwave out.
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.
GARBAGE!
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but it generates NO heat whatsoever.
What a piece of CRAP.
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
I was on the hunt for a larger countertop microwave when I found this one on Amazon.
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.
We use a microwave primarily to heat up cooked foods and liquids, bake potatoes and pop popcorn.
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.
Good bang for the buck.
I called Panasonic because it was still under warranty and they gave me a case number to have the microwave repaired.
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.
Try going 4 weeks without a microwave.
We have definitely made some changes and can't wait to finally get our microwave back.
I mean I wish I would just go buy another one somewhere else...but then eventually I would have 2 microwaves which I do not need.
Can't believe they wouldn't just send me a new one rather than have me go to a repair shop.
Never Buy Panasonic again
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.
Unbelievable.
Dead after 4 months
Bought at the end of August and just died on me tonight when I was making popcorn.
Really weird.
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.
As soon as I plug it back in it starts up again.
I bought a new house and needed a countertop unit.
After searching through the stores and online, I finally decided on this model.
No issues so far.
Haier MWM0701TB 700W Microwave
Bought this microwave for a trip to Yellowstone NP in June '10.
Our rented cabin had no cooking facilities.
Most microwave ovens have a rotating plate inside with several inches to the side where the magnetron that provides heating power resides and the displays are situated.
This one places the magnetron below, along with the displays; the interior exactly surrounds the 11 inch rotating plate.
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.
My family loves it.
We use the microwave 2 times a day.
Dimensions: 20" x 15" x 12" (W x D x H)
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China
We bought it to use in the workshop.
Panasonic 1.2 cuft 1200-Watt Sensor Microwave
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.
My wife cooks dinners on Sunday for the duration of the work week.
We reheat in the microwave all week, plus there are lots of other non-dinner microwave projects.
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.
On a related note, we now religiously employ a microwave food cover to avoid spatters and the "floor" is always covered with a (non-rotating) paper towel to keep the cavity in like-new condition.
Nice!
the user interface.
You end up relatively slowly and carefully turning it to narrow in on your desired time.
However, for power you *don't* get to use the dial.
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.
Are you softening a quart of ice cream or a stick of butter?
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.
Review of Panasonic Microwaves
I searched all over our town for a large Panasonic microwave that had all the features that I was looking for.
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).
Several people have mentioned how hard it is to open and close.
There is a Child Proofing adjustment and I wonder if perhaps they set that by mistake?
expensive piece of junk
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.
After researching our warranty repair options, which would require 2 1/2 days off of work, and $120+ in labor charges, plus waiting a minimum of two weeks with no microwave at all to end up with a 5 year old machine, we decided to just buy another.
After 5 years of using an inverter microwave, the choice was clear - just get the same model we had.
That's this Panasonic.
No complaints.
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.
When following directions to microwave a food product for 1 minute 30 seconds, you must schedule 2 minutes and stand by to stop it at 1:30.
Only had it a month, but so far no problems.
Two problems in as many months
I own a number of Panasonic products.
In fact my previous microwave was a Panasonic and lasted for years before I started having problems with it.
So we bought this Panasonic.
Maybe I just got a lemon.
During the heating the microwave was loud enough to drown the noise of the fan.
Very disappointing!
You get what you pay for!
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.
Just put the food in, and press the button.
I use it all the time for leftovers, and wow!
If I end up using one of these features in the future, I'll update this review with the new info.All in all, it's a great machine.
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").
AWESOME.
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: it is small, and I mean SMALL...
I bought this microwave for the sole purpose of....
POPCORN.
Yes, popcorn.
However, perhaps it was shifting because, again, the popcorn bag was getting caught on the sides of the microwave.
I dont really have much else to compare it to, because since I bought it, I have only used it a few times, and every time was for popcorn.
:)Well, wait...
I did use it to try and soften butter, but that is never a good idea to do in a microwave, so I cannot fault the microwave for melting the center of my butter after being in there for... 10 seconds.
Definitely bad judgement on my part.
always go with Orville (its worth the extra dollar) and try some Jiffy Pop if you haven't before.. you will never look at microwave popcorn the same way again... :)
and the sensor reheat feature.
Dead after 10 months
We used it very little and mainly to heat tea water.
Have you ever used Sunbeam batteries?
They don't work either.Update:  I may have spoken a little hastily.
They sent me an e-mail with instructions on filling out the proper forms which consisted of removing the plastic label from the back of the microwave that had  the serial number and product manufacturing date and attaching it to the form.
Taking a pic of the cut power cord so they will know you just ain't saying this stuff to get a refund.
(Would a guy named Slick lie?)
And mailing it to them.
I can live with that.
Even the best products break down sometimes.
Sufficient
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.
No kidding.
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."
:)
Black Microwave
Unevan Cooking and Loud
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm.
For example, if you take 2 bowls of oatmeal, exactly measured for both.
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.
Well, I thought, maybe as the Microwave heats up, it will overcook.
Not a chance!!
It will sometime overcook the first bowel of oatmeal, and the second will be fine, so it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks.
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.
Their is no rhyme or reason.
Long story short, you have to stand over it, look in while it's cooking, so you won't have a ruined meal.
Heard all good comments on this one.
Bought this microwave during Thanksgiving time.
Used very lightly for two months.
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?
Is this even possible with our laws of physics?
Reliable
It dies on me after many years.
Panasonic NN SN651B
Very loud.
Hard to figure out.
I bought a Panasonic in 1975.
It finally quit and I replaced it with this one.
We have four microwaves that get an average of 50 lunches a day ran through each of them.
That and countless coffees, teas, burned popcorn!
etc.
Quick and easy use.
Needs a better light.
Don't loose the manual!
The door button seems to stick but returns to normal when you close the door.
Well, as easy as it can be with an office of messy ba_tards that don't clean up after themselves.
;)
I am very concerned.
I will report back what reply I receive, so that you can make up your mind on purchasing from Panasonic.
Below is a copy of their comment and here is the translation:  1.)
"We do apologize for the inconvenience.
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.
We have provided authorized service facilities in your area that you can contact for further assistance."
You can heat cups, small sized bowls.
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.
My brother has had one for 25 years.
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.
WAY-TOO-NOISY (+_+)!
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.
ft.
Panasonic  Genius "Prestige" Microwave
Our old microwave was over 20 years old and also was a Panasonic.
NICE!
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.
to reheat a cup of coffee.
Panasonic Microwave
Needed a countertop microwave for a new home customer and was shopping price.
That can move the oven if too vigorous.
Panasonic Microwave
more than i bargained for
Just what I needed!
I ordered this corner microwave due to a very limited amount of counter space.
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.
Thanks!
My husband took of the back and looked at it to make sure something wasn't broken, but everything was fine.
A Little Disappointing
Well, you get what you pay for.
Still discovering its capabilities.
Right now my wife and I are very pleased
I don't know what went wrong
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.
Don't listen to those who complain about the supposed "chip" on the top of the microwave.
I've owned two of these Panasonic microwaves, and they both had this.
Would recommend!
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.
Our First Toaster Oven
Even tho we have been married for 44 years, this is the first toaster oven we have ever owned.
Frozen french fries, tater tots, chicken breasts, etc.
But for toasting bread, just use your pop up toaster.
An eighth of an inch left or right is the difference between burnt toast and just warm bread.
It has a beeper for the toasting and bagel function, just lets you know your toast is burnt.
Or not done.
You can do it if you stand there and watch it tho.
Once it starts getting a little brown, it goes very fast.A couple of other complaints I have:1.
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.
Just enough for us.2.
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.
Maybe just a little slower.4.
(Cover with foil for the chicken).6.
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.
Except for toasting bread.
I called cuisinart and they sent a new one.
Told me I would have to pay to ship new one plus pay to send broken one to them.
They finally said they would waive the charge to send new one.
I still had to pay to send the broken one.
At least 10 days later- another phone- I got my new one yesterday Dec.14.
My first call to them was Nov. 18 I sent the broken one back today.
Just what I needed.
My husband died recently and adjusting to cooking for one has been difficult.
It is perfect!
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.
Bought 6 months ago and so far no problems.
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.
Burn hazard !!!!
It's a toaster!
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, it's great.
I've now had this toaster for three years and I've only used the egg feature twice.
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.
The outside, however, was a nice crispy/warm brown so if I would re-insert the Toaster Strudel the outside would end up burning.
Love
Recommend
Thought spending twice as much would do the trick.
One side of the bread is darker, other side considerably, noticeably lighter.
Have to flip bread around to make both sides even.
Also if you toast twice in a row at the same setting, both batches are very different.
It's going back.
I just want a toaster to toast the bread, evenly.
Did realize that was asking so much!
It does the job.
Feh!
SO, this Breville was bought to replace the Dualit 'Lite' (Yes, it was their $150, 'cheap' model) 4 slice toaster.
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.
Hot Damn, This Shit Makes My Morning
Every morning.
Works
If I butter it right away, it's not a big deal.
I recently purchased this item after a lot of research.
I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, but decided to give it a try.
I have had it now for about three month and use it almost everyday for my kids.
Reasonably priced2.
Lift mechanism to lift up toast that's "too small"6.
LED indicator to show how much time remaining.7.
With the older analog toasters you turn a dial to set the desired "doneness" of your toast.
Through trial and error you can learn that setting it at the exact spot you can consistently get a certain type of bread to toast to exactly the right golden brown you want.
This is frequently in between to "settings"  but since it's an analog dial that's ok.This toaster, however, has numeric settings.
Because my choices are just 1 or 2 I can't adjust that.
Even has a cancel button...
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.
That's where things went down hill pretty quickly.
After re-arraigning some items on my kitchen counter I finally got it plugged in.
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.
After feeling a little foolish for needing help to operate a toaster, I called the Black and Decker help line.
After 22 mins.
on hold, the customer service representative confirmed that the toaster was not operational, and suggest I return it.
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.
May I propose a Toaster of the First Order
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.
I decided on a simple approach and set the timer to the mid range instead of going from the bottom to the top and trying to remember which one was the best.
I sure wish everything could be that simple.
This is one of those.
I recall as a child we would put two pieces of white bread on either side of the toaster and plug it in so the coils would start cooking.
We would keep an eye on it and when you either smelled it burning or were lucky and caught it in time you could open the doors and the bread would slide down so you could return the bread to the coils in an effort to cook the other side.
What a pain compared to this product.
There is rarely a morning when he doesn't use it.
This was a gift and they are still thanking me
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.
I myself have an older model (actually two one in my Michigan house for summer and one in Florida house for winter).
So I am an experienced Cuisinart user of this and many other products.
Highly recommended
Purchased for the end to end design.
Nice but not perfect.... nevermind
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, it will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
I don't know how it happened; I cleaned it out like once a week...
So far it makes toast.
It  worth what we paid for it.
Needed a 4 slice toaster for larger family
The only thing I don't really care for is the size of this toaster.
Received the toaster and have been using for about a month.
Ann, my wife, had seen and used a Breville at a friend's house, so we bought one.
Would not recommend
One side comes out dark and one side comes out 1/2 toasted.
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.
Toaster plus
The only thing...
Should it be placed on the end away from the front of this machine, yes!
4 holer
Somewhat Disappointed
Gift for an 11 year old that loves hot dogs.
Lots of fun.
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.
The problems others have had about retrieving toast are easily remedied when you pull up on the toast lever(for lack of a better word).
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also it's very pretty.
It wasn't always the most consistent of toasters, but we made it work.
When the Russell Hobbs 2 Slice Toaster arrived I actually read the user manual.
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.
You have the frozen, re-heat, bagel and eject buttons.
There is also a 1-6 dial for setting your toasting level, too bad it doesn't go to 11.
As for the most important part?
We are not big consumers of bread products in our household.
It's more common to toss a old loaf, that it is to finish one.
For me this toaster should come in around $35-$40 maximum.
Okay
I bought this one for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
I do find that with Udi's bread, if it's dried out a bit I have to push the button down for a bit more browning and then have to unplug it mid-stream to keep the bread from getting too brown.I'm satisfied with it.
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.
Convenient and delicious start to the day
I've had this thing for about six months now (I think).
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.
Putting it all together in the morning takes about a minute, probably less, then you can just go get ready while it's cooking.
If it were to break tomorrow, I'd just buy another.
You do have to adjust the setting depending on what you are toasting.
I set it to 2 for raisen bread and 6 for English muffins.
I haven't tried the reheat feature, but will try it the next time I cook eggs and toast.
The manual pop-up is on the light-dark control so you don't have to, and shouldn't, pull up on the handle.
And when done, if you push up on the handle, it elevates hard to retrieve items (like English muffins) up a little so you can grab on to them.
I live full time in a luxury 45' Motor Coach.
Space is the most important commodity.
(and it makes toast too ?)
Ts - 260 2 Slice Toaster White
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.
I'm truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless.
It probably weighs 10oz.
Red toaster
You can hear the thermostat click over in side the toaster and shut off the elements.
Pathetic.
I know it's a safety thing, but the least they could have done is give a few more feet.
Very nice so far
I am the kind of guy who likes breakfast food but rarely can be bothered to do anything not absolutely required before work in the morning (and I still manage to be late most days).
For many years my typical breakfast has been a diet coke in the car on the way to the office.
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.
So far it's working.I have had this thing for about two weeks.
I've made 7 egg sandwiches.
It took a couple tries to find the water level that resulted in an egg that way I like it (I prefer the yoke completely cooked but still orangish and not hard, in my machine that equals a splash over the "medium" line in the cup).
I just drain the egg pan into the sink before dropping the egg onto the bread.
The repair person said it is the solenoid that switches on and off when toaster is plugged in.
Would recommend!!
!
Strangely uneven and quick to break but . . .
We were looking for a toaster that could handle long slices AND bagels .
.
Sometimes level 2 would be enough to toast a piece of bread .
.
.
sometimes you needed level 5 .
.
.sometimes 1 .
.
.you get the idea.
.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
I have to bend down to look for it every time.
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.
Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.
Great
Great idea, but it burns everything
When our toaster died, a bit of research made this seem like such a great idea.
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).
At first I thought it was because I was using frozen waffles in it, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and manually handled the toasting.
No response.
Tried again a week later...  again no response.
Really makes cleaning easy.
You have to put your finger on the dial to see where the little bump is to figure out what it's pointing to.
And that will occasionally make you start baking your toast rather than toasting it, if you don't check beforehand.
A minor issue in an otherwise great device.
But these are very small concerns.
We are retired people.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set it up.
(cord).
Sunbeam toaster
"They don't make em like they used to . . . "
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.
That's an understatement .
.
.
when your daughter scream's, "Dad the toaster oven is on fire, come quick" .
.
.
well its time to get a new one.
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.
Of course she pushed the button down left the room, and came back to "toasty conditions".
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.
I liked the old toaster oven for the simple reason it was easy to toast bread, bagels, etc.
You push down the lever and it toasts the same every time.Of course, B&D probably went to the "twist the dial" timer toaster option after a few of these older toaster ovens caught on fire, the way ours did.
Each time you have to guess at where to stop the timer, resulting in either an "not toasted enough" result, or a "too toasted" result.
It's OK, or good enough, but nothing to write home about.
Dissapointed
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.
toaster oven
not properly alligned.
I would recommend to anyone !
Compact 4 slice unit
Gave it as a gift.
I however saw it at a friend's and realized it was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
Extremely Disappointed
This is the second time I have ordered this exact same toaster.
Great
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.
toaster oven
The little toaster oven that could!
We are an office of 18 and boy do we love hot toasty food.
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.
We recently had to retire it after someone tried to toast and oven at the same time.
To wit: We bought this for a little over $10 at a mass market store more than five years ago.
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.
It's really a jungle out there trying to find a decent toaster for under $100.
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.
And until we have at least $100 in the budget for a new toaster, we've stopped looking and will keep this little gem.
!
I would give this about 2.5 stars.
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.
Sturdy and small.
Convenient
I've tried every toaster ever made.
The blue LED lights show you how long it will take till it's done.Want to check how your toast is doing?
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.
And beautiful.
Great Deal!!!!
Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.
Wonderful
I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.
The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.
Attractive and Functional
I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
Yes it is expensive, but so worth it to me!
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.
I don't have a place to hide a can.
This is both.
We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can.
They fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.
Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!
Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.
The first is that it has no interior pail so the bag simply hangs in there but it is secured by a removable hard plastic rim that encircles the can near the top.
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!
Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too!
The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.
At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S.
pad.
Everyone else here seems to love it.
Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor
Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin.
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).
We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open.
We have had no issues with it.
Very happy with it.
I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.
It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.
Once attached they stay there!
When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.
Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.
We'd recommend it highly.
Nice
Would highly recommend.
I may return this after this week.
had it for months now.
be persistent worth buying!
!
I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!
I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.
(I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement.
We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
Open top
Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
Would recommend.
Placing the can on a rug rather than bare floor will settle the problem.
YES. BUY IT IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course it is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
(or whatever it says on the description.)
10-gallon waste can
Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
Flawless
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.
Lots of compliments.
Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
Small
This was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be but now looking back at the description I see it is the small version.
It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.
It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
Great Fit
It is 5 in.
wide and 9 in.
long at the base and 6 1/2 in.
wide and 13 1/2 in.
long at the top.
I love it.
Bought 5 in several colors.
Would buy more.
Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can.
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.
As a fan would definitely recommend.
Better than expected
We live where the pesky racoons love to get into the garbage and so far they have not been able to get this open.
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.
So far this has been great.
13 gal touchless
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.
Junk
What a load of trash.
I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days.
Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid.
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.
Found a power cord that worked for another week.
Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
This was purchased as a gift for my parents.
(The dog has given up after multiple attempts.)
I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).
It's really a waste of money.
It has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.
Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier
I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
But I just consider that a bonus anyway!
Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.
Shadows even keep it open.
Touchless Stainless Steel Trash
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.
Where you place the trash can is important.
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.
The sensor or something else?
works except for one annoying thing
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!
My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun.
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that it is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works.
My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam it opens as if not locked at all.
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.
You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.
Perfect!
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.
Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.
Disappointing
I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.
Cheap, and a waste.
It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.
It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.
Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.
I am very disappointed.
Save your money don't get this.
LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!
I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched.
!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!!
For me, this was at least once a day.
Most of the time two or three!
Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard.
All I said was "Thank you".
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!
I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.
I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced.
Perfect.
I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.
iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can
It's a wastebasket....
It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.
Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
Yep, It's a Trash Holder
I have three of this trash bin.
I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.
Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
Just What I've Always Needed
I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.
My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.
And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.
Really great product
but i didn't get what i expected.
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.
I love it.
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.
overall a pleasure.
can't be beat
The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.
Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway
!,so you do not damage it.
Not useful
Installed about two weeks ago.
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.
Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.
I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.
Highly recommendable....
Sturdy
I purchased this wastebasket for my office.
I love it!!
!
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!
I bought two!
Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.
So farso good
Great!
We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.
One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.
Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.
We have one diaper pail, this one.
It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.
Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.
I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.
We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'.
This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.
Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.
The kids love it!
I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.
I wash out the inside of the can as needed.
Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.
Then it would be perfect!
We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.
This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
Great so far.
This was purchased for our deck.
It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.
We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.
Average
My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying.
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.
However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?)
by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500).
Excellent
I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size.
This one is about a quart size.
I returned for refund.
New incentive!
My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans.
New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money.
So far, that has their attention!
Good enough
There are no dents.
I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so.
I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained.
Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would?
And really it's just a trash can.
I've had this about six months and not one major issue.
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.
Excellent
I'm very impressed.
Thanks.
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!
Hoover Platinum Upright
Let me tell you.
.
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.
.
.
!
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.
I'm in love...
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.
Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.
Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute.
Good luck.
(my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
I bought it for my mom's apartment.
Highly recommend it.
not what i thought.
Does exactly what I want it to do!
I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago.
I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all.
I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.
I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.
That's really a very small quibble.
We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy.
It left deep grooves on carpet.
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.
See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.
He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.
Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.
Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.
After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.
I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.
I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"
Well, I gave it a test run.
I turned it on, pushed the peddle to unlock it from it's upright position and I was surprised at how easy it really is to manuver!
I vacuumed my living room and was surprised to see how much had come up out my carpet!
That feeling I had of wasting money, quickly went away!
LOL :)!!!!
Thanx, Hoover!
And, get extra batteries if needed...
It's just sitting there.
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.
ie.
Love this product!
She uses it to clean an entire office building.
I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!
:)
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).
Doesn't work...don't buy
I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!
So, I decided to go back to Hoover.
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.
The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.
It's very low, almost to the ground.
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.
Hoover Stem Vac
Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy.
amazed!
This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts.
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.
around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet).
As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket.
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.
So if you're a college student or someone living in a small apartment and you're looking for something small that can keep your floors clean, look elsewhere.
sucks
C'mon!
great for what it is!
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.
Vac for small areas
I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials.
So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal.
WOW.
I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went.
I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot.
I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably.
I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this.
I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister.
It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere!
The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment.
Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
For the price of this product I would say it is just, ok.
You have to go over the hoses.
and speaking of the hoses.
but overall i would say it is worth the money.
wind tunnel vacuum
Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing.
I bought this to clean the cushions in my boat.Fantastic!
!
Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.
The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.
When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.
That was always a very dusty process.
Other than the final HEPA filter there appear to be no filters that have to be replaced.
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.
This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.
That can be handy when you go from vacuuming blinds to vacuuming the top of furniture, for instance.Those are the good things, and they are very good.
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.
It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.
You cannot lift the longer tube off unless you have completely unstowed the power cord, as the power cord essentially lashes the tube extension to the canister base while it is stowed.Other than these complaints I'm quite impressed with this vacuum cleaner.
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.
This one's a keeper.
Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.
No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.
:)
We opened the package the first day we recieved it and then spent the next 2 hours vaccuming anything and everything we could!
!
Love love love
I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile.
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.
Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged.
We don't have any pets.
We do have children.
I'm not sure.
All I know is that it was a huge pain to us.
I'm not sure what the problem is, but it's not worth it to us to fix it seeing as we were frustrated with it to begin with.
I bought this vac based on the reviews.
we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).
When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.
got a pet??
buy this one.
I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums.
I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card.
But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed.
Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs.
Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights.
If not given the attention it needs, it will clog.
Badly.
I've only used this product a few times since purchasing.
Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle
If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something.
We were lucky when we first did it.
It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything.
Underpowered
This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!
Crumbs on the kitchen floor?
Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.
I though it would be nice for her, as well as me, since I am the one who has to drag the upright up & down the stairs, while using the hose.
I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it.
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!
), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT!
Eureka's Riser Visor (see product pics) lets you clean vertically by flipping the brush roller cover down.
WHAT???
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?
I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow.
I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement.
I know that's nitpicking, but look at it this way: it's my ONLY complaint.Seriously, read through the reviews, and if you're concerned about the weight, find it in a store, even in the box, and pick it up.
I can't recommend this beauty enough!
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.
being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.
Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.
ok.
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.
Fabulous!
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.
But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.
I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.
Then I bought this little charmer.
I use it for the whole house!
All 650 sf.
Will Pay for Itself
I have had mine for years!
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and it paid for itself quickly.
I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry!
Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx.
25 apartments.
There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers).
Fantastic!
I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job!
To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again.
This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.
My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed.
You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind.
Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual.
I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up.
Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that.
:-)
I purchsed it about a month ago.
It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.
If I knew it I would have not bought it.
But here is a headsup.
Any other people having this problem?
Perfect for new baby..
This was a baby shower gift from a friend.
I absolutely love it.
The only problem I have with it is my fault.
I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.
But it is better than you would expect.
I still am waiting to buy the dryer.
A+
Sorry but...didn't like it at all
I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh.
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.
That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked.
Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load.
O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool.
Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it).
What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!
Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.
I recommend it highly!
single mom's best friend
You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?
You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.
Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.
A wonderful Gift
I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12!
I received my washing machine 3-2-12.
I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube.
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!
I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
Admittedly, it's easier if connected to a water line but not that much trouble to fill manually.Here's how I do it: Fill the tub up with water, add detergent, stir the water to mix, add clothes.
Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start.
The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine.
Next, push power button again to turn on.
Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only."
then press start, which drains the water out of the tub.
After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water.
Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above).
I rinse clothes two or three times this way.
When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it.
I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry.
When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!
!
Wish we had found it sooner!
If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.
$2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.
I wish I had bought this years ago.
Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver!
I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set.
Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!
!
Does a good job.
Replace it as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.
Tide makes a good one.
dryer
I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.
For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.
Your mileage may vary.
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.
That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.
The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.
I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.
So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.
Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.
For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.
For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.
(A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).
Wonder Washer
Just follow directions exact.
Thinking about getting one for my mom
Haier Compact Washer
Absolutly everything I expected.
The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb.
capacity, holds about 1/2 load of a regular sized drum.
I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues.
( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful).
I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!
!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub.
So, Love, Love, Love!!
:D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.
Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer
Wonder Washer
I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.
Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.
Basically this  is an electric hand washer.
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.
Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.
I purchased this for my daughter.
We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Lesson learned!
very useful
Spoiler alert! Washer is actually 30.25 inches deep!
!
Gift From the Heavens!!!
My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer.
I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me!
I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet.
Yay!
We were happy so far....
Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time.
It was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.
!
Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!
I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer.
I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor.
I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me.
As I read the manual, it stated exactly that.
This is good because you know it is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.
It comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.
If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter.
As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink.
When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that.
I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere.
I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine.
He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them.
I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle.
I took them out and was pleased to see that they were back to their normal self.
I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes.
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.
Oh my, where to start.
It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box.
The metal base plate is in the top of the box.
Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate.
I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal.
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.
Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently.
You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation.
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.
I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way.
I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower.
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.
It does not in any way make the machine not new.
I use it for my kids clothes and it is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.
I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out.
I just do it in my bathtub.
I feel like I get a little workout from it too.
So glad I found this......
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.
This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later.
I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all.
I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes.
I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car.
I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin.
:)
the reviews are true
this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought.
you choose.
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.
How did I live without it??
I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day.
So needless to say this was very annoying and time consuming!After living here for 7 months my husband and I finally gave up and bought this washer.
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither.
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...
The only thing I can complain about it that it does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.
So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only.
Perfect Alternative
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.
I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility.
It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
Wish I had bought one ages ago
So far, so good!
It's done everything it said it would do.
I can highly recommend it to my friends.
You get what you pay for.
Summary of my Review
We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.
It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!
!
Excellent For What You Get
Haier Washer
You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash .
I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice .
You can do it .
It is very versatile .
Very convenient
I have even washed heavy jeans in this.
We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection.
If you buy an appliance buy it from a store!
), they are still "reviewing" our case!
Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues.
It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.
If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!
I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!
If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.
Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much.
It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items.
I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place.
broken from the get go
Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money.
Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner.
soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer.
pristine.
While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either.
Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine.
Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff.
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.
The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
