This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.	negative	not turn on immediately	on/off button
Also the clock kept losing the time.	negative	losing the time	clock
If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.	positive	fine	works
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.	negative	electronic flaw	first one
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.	positive	much better	coffee
Great Coffe maker	positive	Great	Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.	positive	thrilled	this
Coffe maker just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.	positive	recommend	it
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend Coffe maker to others.	positive	recommend	it
Easy to use	positive	Easy	use
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings	positive	particularly like	3 strength settings
DeLongi maker works like a champ	positive	works like a champ	DeLongi maker
Love DeLongi maker.	positive	Love	it
I just wish it came with a carafe.	negative	wish	carafe
Solidly built product.	positive	Solidly built	product
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.	positive	very pleased	coffeemaker
I have had no problems with the hot water side.	positive	no problems	hot water side
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.	positive	no bad taste	water
I especially like the carafe warming plate.	positive	especially like	carafe warming plate
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.	positive	plenty hot	coffee
My carafe does leak when I pour the water in but frankly, I have never had one that did not leak.	neutral	never had one that did not leak	carafe
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned coffee maker a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!	positive	highly recommend	coffee maker
You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200.	neutral	schizophrenic yet passionate	DCC-1200
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.	positive	little plasticky	taste of the coffee
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.	positive	better tasting	coffee
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.	positive	totally paid off	taste
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.	positive	much smoother	Mr. Coffee
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.	positive	smooth	cup of coffee
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"	positive	really can't go wrong	this
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.	positive	better	cup of coffee
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.	positive	options	strong coffee
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.	negative	already rusted after only one month	coffee filter
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.	negative	really odd	screw
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.	negative	drains	water
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.	negative	issue	water level
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.	negative	inconveniences	this one
Great espresso machine with a few cons	negative	few cons	espresso machine
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, espresso machine has not given me any problems yet.	positive	not given me any problems	it
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.	positive	easy	decalcifying process
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.	positive	highly recommend	espresso machine
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price	positive	1/10	Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.	positive	nice	Espresso machine
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.	positive	easy	clean
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.	positive	35 cents	6oz cup of Cappuccino
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.	positive	much much	regular brewed coffee
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.	negative	two minor issues	machine
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.	negative	shaken loose and leak	water tank
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.	negative	may overheat	machine
Great Coffemaker	positive	Great	Coffemaker
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.	negative	weird tasting	coffee
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.	positive	great	price
I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great.	unknown	tasted great	coffee
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.	positive	a lot easier	clean
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.	positive	pretty convenient	hot water side
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.	positive	doesn't take long at all	water to heat
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..	negative	bit flimsy	level
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.	positive	definitely appreciate	coffee's done" alarm
Nice coffee maker	positive	Nice	coffee maker
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.	positive	enjoy	it
It works fairly simply.	positive	fairly simply	works
great product	positive	great	product
This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.	unknown	great	coffee
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.	positive	never bitter	coffee
I would definitely recommend this product.	positive	definitely recommend	product
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.	negative	catching fire.	model
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.	negative	makes a better cup	espresso
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.	positive	pretty good	foam
kind of a pain to operate this thing.	negative	pain	thing
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.	negative	really miss	melitta
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....	negative	seems small	size
I love several features.	positive	love	several features
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.	positive	very comfortable	design
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.	positive	best part	temperature
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.	positive	perfect	temperature
The design is attractive.	positive	attractive	design
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.	negative	don't like	total height
pot not working.	negative	not working	pot
Love the the singer serve.	positive	Love	singer serve
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.	negative	wouldn't come out	water
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.	positive	love	hot coffee
This sucker makes the best coffee	positive	best	coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.	positive	perfect	coffee
I recommend sucker for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.	positive	amazing	coffee maker
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.	positive	favorite	feature
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.	positive	hot	coffee
Love this machine!	positive	Love	machine
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.	positive	does not have any quality problems	product
Shipping time was less than estimated.	positive	less than estimated	Shipping time
Happy with the product and service.	positive	Happy	service
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away	negative	apalling	customer service
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.	positive	very good	capuccinos
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.	negative	leaking water	10 months of use
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).	negative	half the price of the machine new	de Longhi warranty
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.	negative	SO unfair	replacement machine
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.	negative	couldn't care less	firm
Great coffee easy to use	positive	easy	use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.	positive	simple	one cup brewer
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.	negative	reluctant	The Scoop
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.	positive	return anything	Amazon
It makes a great cup of coffee.	positive	great cup of coffee	It
Better than the Kurig.	positive	Better than	Kurig
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.	negative	about to go on e Bay	Keurig
Great maker for the price	positive	Great	price
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.	positive	great	coffee maker
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.	positive	easy	clean
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.	negative	hard to twist	lid
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.	positive	piping hot	coffee
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.	positive	remains hot	coffee
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.	positive	good	price
Much less expensive to use than Kurig	positive	Much less expensive	Kurig
Good cup of coffee.	positive	Good	cup of coffee
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.	positive	not have to purchase	Kcups
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.	positive	best one they've ever had	machine
I found it cumbersome to operate.	negative	cumbersome	operate
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.	negative	guess	water
The design is irritating beyond belief.	negative	irritating beyond belief	design
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.	negative	vacuum sealed on there	it
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.	negative	untwist	pouring
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.	negative	slower	plain ole pot
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.	negative	snapped into place	coffee basin lid
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?	positive	great tasting	cup of coffee
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.	positive	flavorful	cup o' joe
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.	negative	not accurate	4-cup description
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then espresso machine just stopped heating water.	negative	stopped heating water	it
I called the company and they said that espresso machine was not repairable and to toss it out.	negative	toss it out	it
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss espresso machine out.	negative	toss it out	it
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.	negative	not very consistent	espresso
We use the same brand, and sometimes espresso comes out without a crema.	negative	comes out without a crema	it
I was very happy with my purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.	positive	enjoying it daily	it
Thank you so much for your quality service.	positive	Thank you so much	quality service
great espresso but no room for larger cup	negative	no room	larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.	negative	no room	larger cup
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!	negative	not usable	coffee maker
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.	negative	dark scum	machine
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?	negative	backing up	reservoir
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.	negative	no longer purchase	Amazon
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.	positive	phenomenal	cup of coffee
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.	negative	do not work properly	three buttons
great buy	positive	great	buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.	positive	love	water filter
best coffe pot i have had	positive	best coffe pot i have had	coffe pot
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.	negative	flooded mess	coffee grounds
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.	negative	leak	carafe
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.	negative	rely on	new one
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.	negative	solid	coffee maker
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love automatic latte maker.	positive	love	it
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.	positive	loose a lot of my business	Starbucks
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.	positive	great	latte
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys automatic latte maker as much as I do!!!!	positive	enjoys it as much as I do!!!!!	it
Great coffemaker for the price	positive	Great	coffemaker
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.	positive	quiet	It
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.	positive	like	only one machine
This is a very nice product.	positive	very nice	product
shipped fast,works great	positive	great	works
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.	positive	well	packaged
took it out of box and was using right away, great.	positive	using right away	box
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -	negative	RUN... Don't walk	coffee maker
Great concept - Terrible execution!	negative	Terrible	execution
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.	negative	slide all over	counter
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.	negative	MUST hold it when dispensing	it
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.	negative	seriously flawed	condensation issue
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.	negative	water everywhere	cover
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.	negative	kinda funky	internal tank
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.	negative	very hard to clean	crannies
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.	negative	only	1.5 good size mugs of coffee
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.	negative	ALL the condensation goes directly back	reservoir
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.	positive	GREAT as usual	Amazon
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price	positive	One of the Best Super Automatics	Price
The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer.	neutral	slight	the newer
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.	positive	maintainable	manufacturers models
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.	positive	just as good as	Rancillo
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.	positive	it is worth it	price
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.	positive	rich	flavor
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.	positive	best part is you can pull out	brew mechanism
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.	positive	ensure	function
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.	negative	attract rancid flavors	oily beans
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.	positive	not losing out on anything	not having digital controls
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.	positive	get this model	real coffee
The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2.	positive	will not be an issue	temperature
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.	negative	can't have it turn on automatically	it
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.	positive	only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature	it
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.	negative	NOISY	It
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.	positive	rich	coffee
Decent for a decent price	positive	decent	price
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into Cuisinart due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.	negative	hard to pour water	it
Other than that, it makes great coffee.	positive	great	coffee
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.	negative	not as large as	imposing pictures
A Fine Cup of Coffee	positive	Fine	Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.	positive	still happy	it
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.	positive	recommend	it
Great coffee maker!	positive	Great	coffee maker
I love this coffee maker.	positive	love	coffee maker
It brews good coffee, very quickly.	positive	good	coffee
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.	negative	saturated with steam	grinder
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.	negative	MORE plastic	Proctor Silex
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.	negative	endocrine disruptors	carafe
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.	negative	12 minutes	brew cycle
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.	positive	good	cup of coffee
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.	negative	irritating	alarm
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.	positive	nice	looks
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.	negative	still going strong	$25 Proctor Silex
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.	negative	not recommend	maker
The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks.	neutral	thin	glass
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.	negative	just died	coffee maker
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.	positive	great	concept
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.	positive	easy	operation
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.	positive	flimsy plastic	parts
A timer is very useful.	positive	very useful	timer
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.	positive	nice	coffee makers
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.	positive	best	single cup serving
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?	negative	piece of junk	coffee maker
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.	positive	perfect/perfect	coffee
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.	positive	last longer	it
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.	positive	works perfectly	Timer
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.	positive	the ones needed	features
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results	positive	excellent	coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.	positive	easy	program
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.	positive	very good	coffee
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.	positive	perfect	size
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.	negative	more easily visible	clock
We are very pleased with this purchase!	positive	very pleased	purchase
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)	positive	Very easy	programming
8 years of great coffee	positive	great	coffee
We have never had problems with coffee pot up until about a week ago.	positive	never had problems	it
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.	negative	would turn off	brewing
Today coffee pot won't turn on :(.	negative	won't turn on :(	it
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.	positive	not a problem	water well
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.	positive	easy enough	electronics
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.	positive	will be purchasing another	one
Wonderful coffemaker	positive	Wonderful	coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.	positive	simply wonderful	coffee maker
The coffee it makes is outstanding.	positive	outstanding	coffee
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.	positive	no change	coffee taste
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.	positive	definitely recommend	coffee maker
Good Mill & Brew	positive	Good	Mill & Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.	positive	good	coffee
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.	neutral	got familiar	using
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.	positive	very satisfied	product
Love coffee pot	positive	Love	it
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.	positive	love	coffee pot
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.	positive	well	working
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.	positive	saving	coffee
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.	positive	wasteful expense	K-cup system
I think it is safe to say product is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.	negative	only gets "adequately" hot	water
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.	positive	save you a lot of money	unit
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.	positive	none of which gets wasted	coffee
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.	positive	works great	grounds
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.	positive	only 2.5 small scoops	grounds
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.	positive	not weak	coffee
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.	positive	smoother	Keurig cup
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.	negative	mess	Gevalia Grounds
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.	positive	easy	clean
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace	positive	did replace	Melitta
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.	positive	great	coffee
It just recently started leaking..	negative	started leaking	It
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.	positive	just have to pay	$14 for shipping
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker	negative	Poor Choice	Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.	negative	difficult	pour
This has to be a design flaw.	negative	flaw	design
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).	negative	require a towel	pot
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!	positive	Best	Espresso Machine
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.	positive	don't cut it	electronic machines
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.	positive	hand-pulled taste	machine
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.	positive	hated	S-Bucks machine
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!	positive	tasty	crema
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.	negative	pull out in other positions	steam wand
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!	positive	won't cut it!	others
I'd recommended Espresso Machine as the perfect gift or addition to your home.	positive	perfect gift	this
Definitely worth the cost!	positive	Definitely worth	cost
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!	positive	wonderful	cappuccino
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!	positive	hot	foam
wonderfull coffee	positive	wonderfull	coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.	positive	tastes much better	old drip coffee
I love that coffee stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.	positive	hot	coffee
No burnt or bitter taste.	positive	bitter	taste
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.	positive	tastes so much better	coffee
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)	positive	Hope it lasts for years to come	it
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.	negative	splattered	purchase
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.	negative	weak	coffee
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily	positive	well	Brews
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.	negative	runs down the side	liquid
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.	negative	splashed	it
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.	negative	thin	glass
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.	negative	for four months	coffee
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.	negative	substandard	Melita
brews great coffee	positive	great	coffee
Love the timer feature.	positive	Love	timer feature
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes	positive	less than 5 minutes	cups of coffee
Makes excellent coffee!	positive	excellent	coffee
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.	positive	night light	blue light
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.	positive	much better	basket
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!	positive	Excellent	espresso
I cannot believe that people have problems with machine:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.	positive	cannot believe that people have problems	this
You CAN froth milk nicely.	positive	froth milk nicely	milk
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.	positive	FULL	scoops
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.	positive	plenty dark	espresso
It is an excellent shot.	positive	excellent	shot
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.	positive	as good as	Yali's
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.	positive	buy yourself	Mr. Coffee
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.	positive	EXCELLENT	cost
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with machine.	positive	more pleased	this one
machine is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.	positive	is paying for itself every day	It
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.	positive	quality	burr grinder
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!	positive	utmost quality	espresso
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).	positive	failed	Mr Coffee
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.	negative	dribbler	carafe
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.	positive	without fail	coffee
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.	positive	best	price
I can recommend this brand/model.	positive	recommend	brand/model
Awesome Coffeepot!	positive	Awesome	Coffeepot
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.	positive	perfect	size
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!	positive	added bonus!	beeps
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!	positive	used nearly everyday!	This
It makes great espressos!	positive	great	espressos
We even use it to make mochas!	positive	even use it	mochas
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.	positive	perfect	coffee maker
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.	positive	fresh	cup of coffee
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	automatic timer
Satisfied Customer!	positive	Satisfied	Customer
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!	positive	great	cup of espresso
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.	positive	cheapest	pump-driven machine
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.	positive	doesn't take up much space	It
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.	positive	like	it
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.	positive	trouble free	it
I recommend it without hesitation,	positive	recommend	it
Get a cheaper one	negative	Get a cheaper one	cheaper one
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.	negative	half the money	Mr. Coffee
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.	negative	always drips	carafe
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.	negative	burned taste	coffee
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.	negative	narrow	opening
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.	negative	very short	power cable
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.	negative	narrow	opening
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.	positive	good	thermal coffee maker
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.	positive	all made	coffee
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.	positive	love	brew strength" setting
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.	positive	great	feature
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).	positive	warm for hours	coffee
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.	positive	not had any overflow problems	other brands
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.	negative	drawback	temperature
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.	positive	recommend	product
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.	negative	acting up	auto shut down
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.	negative	shuts off directly	timer
A nice coffee machine	positive	nice	coffee machine
Makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.	positive	no cross contamination	unit
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.	negative	not hot enough	creamer
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.	negative	loud	heating source
Not happy with this item at all.	negative	Not happy	item
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.	positive	gift	product
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, storage water filtered.	positive	filtered	its
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.	negative	cheaper	filters
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew	negative	Don't Buy	Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, Cusinart Grind-and-Brew's gotta be good.	positive	if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good	Cusinart
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.	negative	wouldn't give this to my worst enemy	this
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.	positive	fine	Thermal carafes
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.	negative	AWFUL	PRODUCT
Wish I had read other reviews	negative	Wish I had read	reviews
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.	negative	excape	steam
It only produced 16 oz.	negative	only	16 oz
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!	negative	horrible	coffee
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker	positive	Nice	coffee maker
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.	positive	enjoyed	coffee maker
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.	positive	as nice as this	Carafe models
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.	positive	hot	Carafe
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.	negative	hard to grip	Carafe lid top
