Good Knives for the Money	positive	Good	Knives
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.	positive	nice	knives
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.	negative	rough	notches
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.	negative	rough	steel
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.	positive	serve fine	knives
I seriously LOVE these knives.	positive	seriously LOVE	knives
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and these are great!	positive	great	these
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.	positive	unbeatable	quality
They are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!	positive	great	look
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.	negative	did not like	them
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because they really are good.	positive	STILL gave this set 5 stars	set
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.	negative	still going strong	set
Love these knives	positive	Love	knives
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.	positive	like	not so heavy
Better than my ja Henckels	positive	Better than	Henckels
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.	positive	thought were good	henkel knives
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.	positive	comfortable	feel
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.	positive	good	babies
I have some very good knives but can definitely see these getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.	positive	very good	knives
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel these will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.	positive	plenty sharp enough	cut
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.	negative	missing	4 steak knives
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.	positive	great	set
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives	positive	sharp	knives
To that end: the forks are perfect!	positive	perfect	forks
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.	positive	ineffective	plastic utensil
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.	negative	fall off of it very easily	corn
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.	negative	a bit too sharp	knife
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.	negative	missing	block
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!	negative	rusted after one use	knife
Great knives	positive	Great	knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.	positive	great	worked
There are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.	positive	comfortable	use
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.	positive	plus	option to sharpen
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.	negative	smaller than	size
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.	negative	be a challenge	meatball
A Decent Set of Knives	positive	Decent	Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.	positive	like	built in sharpener
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.	negative	gouges	blades edge
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.	negative	discolored	scissors
Aside from that they work well.	positive	well	work
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES	positive	BETTER THAN	ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.	positive	BETTER THAN	SKINNY HANDLES
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.	positive	STRONG	DON'T BEND AROUND
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.	positive	JUST FINE	PRICE
Fabulous value for everyday use	positive	Fabulous	value
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.	positive	elegant	looks
It feels great in your hand and works very well.	positive	very well	works
The price is unbelievable.	positive	unbelievable	price
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.	positive	bought two	sets
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.	positive	going to get a third	set
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.	positive	hard to beat	set
Nice Set	positive	Nice	Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.	positive	lovely	set
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.	positive	neatly	block
Good, neat looking	positive	neat	looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...this is decent and looks good.	positive	good	looks
Not Stainless Steel	negative	Not	Stainless Steel
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.	negative	NOT as advertised	knives
They showed spots after a couple of washings!	negative	showed spots after a couple of washings	spots
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.	negative	don't show spots	cheapest grocery store purchased knives
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.	negative	came washing off	gray color
Don't buy these knives.	negative	Don't buy	knives
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.	positive	actually real sturdy	forks
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love them, and we are using them for a bridal shower.	positive	love	them
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.	positive	no problem	knife issue
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.	positive	love	flatware
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.	positive	just fine	flatware
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.	negative	available at very few places	23 piece sets for 4
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.	negative	bit priceier	23 piece set
great flatware	positive	great	flatware
so glad I purchased this item.	positive	so glad	item
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.	positive	absolutely no complaints	product
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood	negative	threading' slivers	wood
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).	negative	GREAT	set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series)
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.	negative	cant make them better than	set
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.	negative	dull unsharpable	blades
Great set of knives	positive	Great	set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!	positive	awesome	set of knives
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!	positive	love	couple of knives
Sketchy Advertising	negative	Sketchy	Advertising
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.	negative	touch elusive	vendors
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.	positive	seems fine so far	product
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.	negative	not	product
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.	negative	not	ginsu knives
Fun purchase!	positive	Fun	purchase
I absolutely love this cutlery set.	positive	love	cutlery set
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.	negative	little disappointed	two bamboo handle teaspoons
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!	positive	BEST	GADGET
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.	positive	razor sharp	edge
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.	positive	hone the edge perfectly	edge
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..	positive	best results	Rada
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.	positive	pleasant surprise	weight
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!	positive	look forward to using this set of flatware for years	set of flatware
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.	positive	Perfect	Flatware
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.	positive	simple	set
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.	positive	love	smaller fork
They work well and have a nice size and texture.	positive	nice	texture
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.	positive	very well	Worked out
Good qualty	positive	Good	qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer	positive	very nice	use
Excellent value	positive	Excellent	value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.	positive	cannot go wrong	under thirty dollars
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."	positive	Sharp as a razor	blades
The wood block looks very nice too.	positive	very nice	looks
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.	negative	might prefer	heavier duty set
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.	negative	cannot believe anyone doesn't know	history
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.	negative	not	stainless steel
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.	positive	highly recommended	leading consumer magazine
The knives surely are very sharp.	positive	very sharp	knives
They are all very well balanced.	positive	very well	balanced
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.	positive	would do spelndidly	pruposes
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.	positive	going to be a pleasure	cutting vegetables
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.	positive	may be useful	scissors
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!	negative	unable to use it again	knife
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!	negative	NOT	Japanese-made product
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).	negative	inferior	quality product
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.	positive	much higher pricing	knives
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).	negative	very-very prone	stains
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.	negative	how easily and quickly	blades
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").	negative	highly-stained	steel
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.	negative	will not prevent the abhorring	staining
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.	negative	smudgy	look
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.	negative	not recommend	product
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.	negative	lies	company
That is just not true with this product.	negative	just not true	product
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).	positive	less	$$
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!	negative	cooked-up	information
This is a very nice knife set for the price.	positive	very nice	knife set
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.	positive	meets my needs very well	set
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.	positive	very nice	looks
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.	negative	only wish I could get	box of just forks
I probalby will never use all the knives	negative	probalby will never use	knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives	negative	Great if you like RUSTY	knives
These knives cut okay, not great, but okay.	neutral	okay	knives
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.	negative	not the sharpest	knives
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.	negative	cheaper version	made in China
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.	positive	best	price
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.	positive	well worth	money
Great product at a reasonable price	positive	reasonable	price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.	positive	very nicely	works
Now our knives are always sharp.	positive	always sharp	knives
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.	positive	still look brand new	knives
Best bang for the buck!	positive	Best bang	buck
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?	positive	seemingly great	quality
Worst knives ever...seriously	negative	Worst knives ever	knives
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.	negative	crap	Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.	positive	most people favor	knives
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.	negative	was hoping that they would slice better than	mid range current knives
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.	negative	awful	experience
They are crap.	negative	crap	They
Don't waste your time or your money on these.	negative	Don't waste your time or your money	these
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.	negative	didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected	knives
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.	negative	replaced them	different set
great product	positive	great	product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.	positive	can't beat	price
Great Starter Knife Set	positive	Great	Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!	positive	wonderful	knife set
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.	positive	no discernible difference	cutting ability
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.	negative	look rusty	water spots
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.	positive	actually buying two sets as Christmas presents	two sets
Great knives!!	positive	Great	knives
These are some really good knives for the money!!	positive	really good	knives
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!	positive	want regret	these
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, these did the trick.	positive	did the trick	these
I will most definitely order these again.	positive	order these again	these
Inexpense but well crafted	positive	well	crafted
The block and knives are well constructed.	positive	well constructed	knives
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.	positive	much lower than	local stores
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.	positive	outstanding	appearance
My only complaint is the edge.	negative	only complaint	edge
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.	negative	great deal of work	sharpness
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter	negative	broke in half	Bread knife
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.	negative	broke right in half	blade
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.	negative	longer than	this
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.	negative	would never buy this international chinese junk again	international chinese
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.	negative	garbage	international ones
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.	negative	suppose to	stainless
