The controls are great, it's really good looking, and it works fine.	positive	fine	works
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.	negative	not a big	microwave
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.	positive	perfect	popcorn setting
Nice oven with a few drawbacks	positive	Nice	oven
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.	positive	large	oven
It is a powerful oven.	positive	powerful	oven
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.	positive	that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one	Things
Operating noise is very low.	positive	very low	Operating noise
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.	negative	biggest complaint	noise
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.	negative	lightweight	oven
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.	negative	required only two	old oven
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.	negative	no tactile feel	keypad
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.	positive	not nearly as loud and irritating	our old oven
"Conclusion:Although not perfect, we are satisfied overall after using this unit for two months.	positive	satisfied	unit
Good, Versatile Microwave	positive	Versatile	Microwave
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.	positive	lives up to the claims	microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.	positive	quite well	works
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.	positive	many useful	modes
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.	negative	heat things too much	reheat mode
Great for the small area I needed for.	positive	Great	small area
Good for cooking and warming.	positive	Good	warming
Black with white lettering is very attractive.	positive	very attractive	Black with white lettering
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old	negative	Needed Repair	30 Days Old
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.	negative	I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave	Panasonic fan
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.	negative	Problem	microwave generation system
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.	negative	no quality	manufacturer
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.	negative	never base a purchasing decision on brand name again	brand name
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!	positive	beautifully	cooks
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.	positive	large enough	It
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.	positive	wonderful	"add one minute" feature
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.	positive	Sure beats	old white Wal-Mart microwave
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!	positive	great	looks
Very happy with this purchase!	positive	Very happy	purchase
Great and powerful microwave	positive	powerful	microwave
It's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.	positive	versatile	keypad
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.	positive	perfectly fine	worked
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.	positive	like new	works
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.	positive	easy to use	features
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.	positive	really comes in handy	turbo defrost feature
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.	positive	excellent job	frozen dinners
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.	negative	bit noisy	Fan
Good microwave for the price	positive	Good	microwave
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.	positive	very reasonably priced	microwave
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.	negative	incorrect	dimensions
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.	negative	just barely fit	plates
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.	negative	little longer	heat items
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.	negative	higher wattage	one
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but it's a little too small for our needs.	positive	no issues	functioning
18 month old loves it!	positive	loves	it
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.	positive	big favorite	little microwave
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.	positive	right	price
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.	positive	Cute	oven
This is a cute oven.	positive	cute	oven
It arrived in good time and was as described.	positive	good	time
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.	negative	does not	heat
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.	negative	as far as functionality goes	functionality
Typical microwave	neutral	Typical	microwave
Overall this is a decent microwave.	positive	decent	microwave
I think the style and look is good.	positive	good	look
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.	negative	It's a little on the noisy side	use
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.	negative	stupid	button
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.	negative	very mediocre	user interface
This is good, but the button is stupid.	negative	stupid	button
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.	positive	good	"quick minute" button
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.	negative	Not as quick	old uWave
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.	negative	wish there was	"quick 30 sec"
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)	negative	doesn't document this feature very well	Panasonic
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.	negative	don't document that	they
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.	negative	no power control	power
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.	positive	fine	appliance
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.	negative	could easily be so much better	user interface
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.	positive	like	different features
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile	negative	only reason I did not give it 5 stars	disrupt my internet service
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.	positive	accomplished	aspect
The product far exceeds expectations.	positive	exceeds expectations	product
I would recommend this product to a friend.	positive	recommend	product
Huge Microwave	neutral	Huge	Microwave
4 yeas and going strong	positive	going strong	4 yeas
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.	positive	great	Works
Defrost a snap.	positive	snap	Defrost
I have really got my monies worth..	positive	worth	monies
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.	positive	simple	microwave
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS	positive	IMPROVED OVER	OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!	positive	has more	inside room
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.	positive	really like	reminder beep
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.	positive	surpassed my expectations	microwave
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.	positive	evenly	cooks
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.	positive	tried and true	Sears Kenmore
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.	positive	at twice	price
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.	positive	no problem	family pack of chicken thighs
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.	positive	Love	inverter turbo defrost
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.	negative	little long	Popcorn setting
Great mico wave.	positive	Great	mico wave
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.	positive	very straight	micro wave
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.	negative	only negative	light
Great purchase!	positive	Great	purchase
I've had it now for about two weeks and its great!	positive	great	it
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.	negative	some complaints about	sticker
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.	positive	durable	microwave
product good - shipment no	negative	shipment no	shipment
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.	negative	broken off	three wheels
Died within 4 months of purchase	negative	Died within 4 months	purchase
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.	negative	huge difference	extra $20
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!	positive	very positively impressed	Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black
Very good quality.	positive	Very good	quality
Easy to use and to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.	positive	right	temperature
Great Microwave!	positive	Great	Microwave
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.	negative	garbage	microwave
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.	negative	will not accept	return
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for it.	negative	doesn't seem to be	warranty
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.	negative	terrible	return policy
Extremely Satisfied User	positive	Extremely Satisfied	User
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.	negative	was a little skeptical	purchasing
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!	positive	large	capacity
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).	positive	good job	defrosting
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!	positive	high expectations	model
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.	negative	we just wish	"add 30 sec" button
Powerful, Even Heater	positive	Powerful	Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.	positive	more evenly	heat the food
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.	positive	not the case	unit
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.	positive	handy feature	dial
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.	positive	no problem	inside
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.	negative	only negative	fingerprint magnet
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.	negative	avoid having	constantly wipe off the smudges
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.	positive	would be nice	option
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.	positive	very satisfied	most part
Terrible Product - Don't Buy	negative	Terrible	Product
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.	negative	quit working	four months of use
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.	negative	Wish I would have just bought	microwave
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.	negative	not worth the wait	repair shops
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.	negative	Its tough these days living without	microwave
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.	negative	couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem	product
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.	negative	can't believe this is the quality	Japanese company
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.	negative	will not be purchasing another	Panasonic Microwave
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.	positive	must buy it	stainless steel
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!	positive	2 minutes	pops popcorn
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.	negative	big	bit
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!	positive	never have to worry	popcorn
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.	negative	after about 8 months the magnatron went out	magnatron
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.	negative	we were without a microwave for 2 weeks	microwave
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.	positive	fine	worked
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.	negative	should last a lot longer than	microwave
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.	positive	Luckily	actual door
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......	negative	Hope I did not	dose of radiation
Great for the price	positive	Great	price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.	positive	but not so big	entire counter
It's a great family-size unit.	positive	great	family-size unit
One hot micro	positive	hot	micro
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves micro  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features	positive	loves	features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.	positive	flawlessly	unit
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?	positive	Innovative	functionality
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.	positive	adequate	power
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.	neutral	similar	looks
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
I purchased this item about a month ago and I love it.	positive	love	item
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.	positive	cooks food evenly	food
Like the new technology	positive	Like	new technology
very nice unit.	positive	very nice	unit
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.	positive	nicely	dishes
Plenty of room, easy to use.	positive	easy	use
Excellent Microwave	positive	Excellent	Microwave
Looks great and works great.	positive	great	works
I especially like the buttons and controls.	positive	especially like	controls
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.	positive	much nicer	membrane switch panels
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.	positive	almost looks like	built-in
Good little microwave	positive	Good	little microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.	positive	just fine	works
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.	positive	small price	tag
I like the overall design and ease of this product.	positive	ease	product
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.	positive	like	microwave
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.	positive	going strong	wattage
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.	positive	love	microwave
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.	positive	extremely well	reheats
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.	positive	great	needs
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home	positive	Great	Commercial Oven
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.	negative	lasted close to 20 years	first microwave
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.	negative	failed much sooner	subsequent models
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.	negative	bit daunting	consumer microwave
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.	positive	sturdier	feel
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.	positive	better	working
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.	positive	enthusiastically recommending	Commercial models
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.	positive	only down side	kitchen microwave projects
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."	negative	a bit louder than	done signal
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.	positive	very large	stainless steel microwave
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.	positive	very evenly	heats foods
At about $250, it was a real bargain.	positive	real bargain	it
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.	positive	very lightweight	microwave
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.	positive	less than	48 hours
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.	negative	*not* a benefit	control nob
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying this.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.	positive	like a champ	microwaves
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.	negative	big gripe	control
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.	negative	not an improved experience	setting the duration
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.	positive	high power	machine
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.	negative	pseudo-analog	power display
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.	negative	blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night	display
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.	positive	not the loudest either	It
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.	negative	awkwardness	it
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.	negative	Should have stuck	tried-and-tested control setup
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model	negative	not as good	earlier model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.	negative	disappointed	it
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.	negative	difficult	operate
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.	negative	worked flawlessly	previous unit
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.	positive	good	power
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.	positive	attractive	stainless steel exterior
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.	negative	reduction	production quality
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.	positive	fit my needs	Panasonic NN-H965BF
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.	positive	love	microwave
Works really well	positive	really well	Works
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.	positive	better	features
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.	positive	perfect	works
This is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.	positive	easy	open
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.	positive	don't hesitate to purchase	price
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.	negative	expensive	microwave
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.	negative	hard to	open
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.	negative	not honor	Panasonic
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.	negative	lasted over 10 years	microwave ovens
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux	positive	best	microwave
And out of the box, it has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.	positive	flawlessly	worked
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls	negative	not enough	gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.	negative	keep the booklet handy every time I use it	booklet
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.	negative	would prefer	knob
Well made little machine.	positive	Well made	little machine
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.	positive	still going strong	microwave
Compact unit works great, so far.	positive	great	works
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.	positive	most	power
It takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.	positive	quickly	heats
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.	negative	more regular cleaning is required	cleaning
Very nice microwave for a very small price!	positive	very small	price
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.	positive	full powered	microwave
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.	positive	lot of special	features
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.	positive	large enough	9"x13" pan
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.	positive	fairly quiet	oven
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.	positive	low	price
I am very disappointed with this unit!	negative	very disappointed	unit
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.	negative	HAD to take it in for warranty repair	warranty repair
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.	negative	would make for much quieter	operation
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.	negative	did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair	microwave
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.	negative	stopped heating	microwave
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.	negative	back at	service shop
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.	negative	not had the unit available for use for a month	unit
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.	positive	good size	microwave
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.	positive	very well	built
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.	positive	very solid	release mechanism
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.	positive	stellar	performance
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.	positive	perfect	Popcorn mode
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.	positive	spectacular	"Sensor Reheat" mode
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).	positive	at about a third of the volume	operates
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.	positive	hilarious	display says "Enjoy Your Meal"
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.	positive	best	microwave
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.	positive	worthwhile	investment
works quite well	positive	quite well	works
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since it can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.	positive	can actually vary	power
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.	positive	heats the food more evenly	feature
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.	positive	compact	oven
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!	negative	TERRIBLE	customer service
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!	negative	never order another Panassonic product in my life	another Panassonic product
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.	negative	bad loud	ringing sound
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.	negative	warped	frame
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."	negative	won't take it back	Panasonic
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!	negative	boycotting	ALL of their products
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS	negative	won't lift a finger to help	Panasonic
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but it is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.	negative	too	small
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.	negative	can forget about be happy	size of the microwave
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is it just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.	negative	doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to	glass plate
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.	negative	cannot even fit	regular size bag of popcorn
Fabulous features!	positive	Fabulous	features
We love our new microwave!	positive	love	microwave
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.	positive	enjoyed	features
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)	positive	very well	works
No complaints thus far for this microwave!	positive	No complaints	microwave
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.	negative	hate that I spent good money on this	microwave
Stopped dead after 10 months use.	negative	Stopped dead after 10 months use	10 months use
Should have gotten a different brand.	negative	Should have gotten a different	brand
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.	positive	very nice	people
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.	positive	refund	full purchase price
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.	positive	will probably have to change	rating
Microwave is okay.	neutral	okay	Microwave
It is fairly big...	negative	fairly big	It
It is most certainly powerful.	positive	most certainly powerful	It
It just seems a little cheap?	negative	cheap	It
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.	negative	had some nice	over the counter units
Great product, great price.	positive	great	price
I really like this large microwave, it is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.	positive	nice clean	look
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.	negative	may break	door
I would recommend this for the price.	positive	recommend	this
I LOVE this microwave!	positive	LOVE	microwave
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.	negative	frustrate	Panasonic microwave
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.	positive	didn't find another brand I liked	another brand
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.	positive	better	built
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.	positive	looking almost sci-fi	appearance
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.	positive	very cool	blue light
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.	positive	in two days	it
No lugging it from a cart to my car.	positive	No lugging it from a cart to my car	it
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.	positive	literally five minutes	up and running
Very nice microwave.	positive	Very nice	microwave
Came packaged securely.	positive	securely	packaged
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.	positive	unusual with	most microwaves
I would definitely recommend this applicance.	positive	definitely recommend	applicance
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part it works fine.	positive	works fine	most part
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.	negative	very noisy	It
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.	negative	never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one	microwave
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.	negative	donate it to the Good Will	it
Microwave broken just after return window expired	negative	broken just after return window expired	return window
microwave broke yesterday.	negative	broke	It
Just after return window expired.	negative	after return window expired	return window
Won't recommend it.	negative	Won't recommend	it
Lacking specs	negative	Lacking	specs
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.	positive	trust	Panasonic
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.	positive	lasts for a very long time	microwave
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.	positive	good	it
It cooks well.	positive	well	cooks
The internal is large.	positive	large	internal
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.	positive	Nothing much to complain	Panasonic microwaves
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.	negative	Don't like	it
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.	negative	should be call cook instead	Defrost
OHHH, to have my old one back.	negative	OHHH, to have my old one back	old one
Working like a champ	positive	like a champ	Working
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy one of these again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.	positive	turned black	inside top
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!	positive	boil in under two minutes	cold cup of water
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.	positive	need three or more	other 1200 watt microwaves
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.	positive	Easy to understand	buttons
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.	positive	saved about 20$	white
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.	positive	No more stinky burned	popcorn
It's hard to see your food in this oven.	negative	hard to see	food
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.	negative	confusing	options
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.	negative	can pop off	turntable
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking	negative	dangerous glass breaking	glass
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!	negative	cracked	microwave
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.	negative	never happened with	prior microwave
First, the glass platter is broken.	negative	broken	glass platter
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.	negative	dangerous	microwave
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.	negative	disappointing drivel	response
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)	negative	dangerous result	machine
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.	negative	defective	product
Good microwave	positive	Good	microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.	positive	decent	microwave
Its ideal for students and working people.	positive	ideal	working people
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.	positive	liked	microwave
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.	positive	happy	them
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).	positive	fits	15" platter
The power is great (1:20 for tea).	positive	great	power
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.	positive	great results	sensor cooking
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...	positive	better	item
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.	positive	GREAT	WORKS
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.	positive	great	works
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.	positive	great	first level
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.	positive	nice large	glass platter
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.	positive	keep foods warm	foods
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.	positive	well	works
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.	negative	light	door
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As it's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.	negative	HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE	product
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.	positive	quite simple	use
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.	positive	easy to keep	clean
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.	positive	will be using it more and more	it
It's a winner for me.	positive	winner	It
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly	negative	not 91yr old user friendly	91yr old user
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.	negative	problematic	reset button
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.	positive	TONS	features
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.	positive	not too loud	beeper
Dim display screen	negative	Dim	display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.	negative	so dim it is difficult to read	display
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.	negative	couldn't be read	one
very nice microwve	positive	very nice	microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.	positive	easy to understand	modes
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.	positive	helps cook food more evenly	turntable
Recommend this microwave	positive	Recommend	microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.	positive	Very pleased	microwave
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.	positive	extra space	great
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.	positive	very happy	inverter feature
Deeper heating.	positive	Deeper	heating
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.	positive	like	automatic time selection
Panasonic Microwave was the best choice.	positive	best choice	This
Customer is happy.	positive	happy	Customer
Very good for the price	positive	Very good	price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.	negative	improperly assembled	Original item
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.	positive	easily	replacement
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.	negative	shows smuges/fingerprints easily	Replacement
The oven performs as advertised.	positive	as advertised	performs
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.	negative	different	door
Large size good for our purpose.	positive	good	size
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.	positive	fills nicely	this
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.	positive	large	size
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.	positive	very impressed	curved back inside
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!	positive	great	looks
Great purchase.	positive	Great	purchase
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.	negative	funny noise	fan
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.	positive	lots of	features
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.	negative	only thing that gives me pause	noise
It works great.	positive	great	works
Still, the noise is of some concern.	negative	is of some concern	noise
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.	negative	slight downgrade	This
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.	negative	by no means as good	more expensive model
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.	negative	so loved	older one
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But This Is A Good One	positive	Good	This
Easy to operate.	positive	Easy	operate
Authentic feel to the controls.	positive	Authentic feel	controls
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.	positive	Wonderful	thaw frozen meat
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.	positive	perfectly well	ran
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and it stopped working.	positive	loved	brand
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.	negative	problem was same	another Panasonic microwave oven
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.	negative	don't know what went wrong	two Panasonic ovens
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of it worked for me.	negative	none of it worked	it
Great microwave	positive	Great	microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.	positive	good	product
Cooks evenly and looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
Tacky / non-retro microwave	negative	non-retro	microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.	negative	big mistake	oven
This oven might nuke just fine but it is really cheap looking!	positive	just fine	nuke
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.	negative	if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love	product
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from this.	negative	stay far, far, another galaxy away	this
