The controls are great, microwave's really good looking, and it works fine.	positive	fine	works
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.	positive	does everything I want	it
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.	positive	perfect	popcorn setting
Nice oven with a few drawbacks	negative	few drawbacks	oven
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.	positive	large	oven
It is a powerful oven.	positive	powerful	oven
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.	positive	60 seconds	this one
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).	positive	Function programming	beeper
Operating noise is very low.	negative	very low	noise
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.	positive	Full-power	cooking
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.	negative	biggest complaint	noise
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.	negative	eight times	power level
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.	negative	nine times	Quick Min" button
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.	negative	make sure the key you pressed actually activated	beep function
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.	positive	not nearly as loud and irritating	old oven
Good, Versatile Microwave	positive	Good	Versatile Microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.	positive	works quite well	defrost mode
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.	positive	useful	modes
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.	negative	heat things too much	reheat mode
Great for the small area I needed for.	positive	Great	small area
Good for cooking and warming.	positive	Good	warming
Black with white lettering is very attractive.	positive	very attractive	Black with white lettering
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.	positive	fan	Panasonic
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.	negative	stainless	Local dealers
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.	negative	no quality	manufacturer
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.	negative	never base a purchasing decision	brand name
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!	positive	beautifully!	cooks
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.	positive	without looking huge	counter
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.	positive	wonderful	add one minute" feature
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.	positive	Sure beats the heck out	Wal-Mart microwave
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!	positive	great!	looks
Very happy with this purchase!	positive	Very happy	purchase
Great and powerful microwave	positive	powerful	microwave
microwave's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.	positive	lots of power	It
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.	positive	has worked perfectly fine	heating food
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.	positive	works like new	Panasonic microwave
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.	positive	easy to use	features
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.	positive	really comes in handy	turbo defrost feature
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.	positive	excellent job	frozen dinners
Good microwave for the price	positive	Good	microwave
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.	positive	very reasonably	priced
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.	negative	incorrect	dimensions
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.	negative	barely fit	bacon
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.	negative	lower	wattage
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.	negative	higher wattage	one
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but microwave's a little too small for our needs.	negative	little too small	it
18 month old loves it!	positive	loves	it
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.	positive	love	buttons
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.	positive	enough	play food
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.	positive	right price	15
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.	positive	Cute	oven
This is a cute oven.	positive	cute	oven
It arrived in good time and was as described.	positive	good time	arrived
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.	negative	had stopped working	it
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.	negative	m afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works	functionality
Typical microwave	neutral	Typical	microwave
Overall this is a decent microwave.	positive	decent	microwave
I think the style and look is good.	positive	good	look
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.	negative	little on the noisy side	It
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.	positive	have not had any issues	it
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.	negative	stupid	button
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.	negative	very mediocre	user interface
You can enter time and press cook and it works.	positive	works	it
This is good, but the button is stupid.	negative	stupid	button
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.	negative	6 times	power button
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.	positive	good	quick minute" button
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.	negative	Not as quick	old uWave
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)	negative	doesn't document this feature very well, really	feature
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.	positive	fine	appliance
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.	negative	could easily be so much better	user interface
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.	positive	like	different features
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile	negative	disrupt my internet service	it
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.	positive	efficient	manner
The product far exceeds expectations.	positive	far exceeds expectations	product
I would recommend this product to a friend.	positive	recommend	product
Huge Microwave	positive	Huge	Microwave
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.	negative	seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat	10 year old GE
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."	positive	huge	that
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."	negative	not sure that is going to fit	that
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.	positive	enormous	it
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.	positive	larger	size
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.	positive	great	Works
Defrost a snap.	positive	snap	Defrost
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.	positive	easy	clean
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS	positive	IMPROVED	OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!	positive	exactly fits	old P. Genius
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.	positive	like	reminder beep
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!	positive	No more finding something	it
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.	positive	surpassed my expectations	microwave
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.	positive	evenly	cooks
I highly recommend microwave!	positive	highly recommend	it
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.	negative	twice	price
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.	positive	fits a family pack	chicken thighs
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.	positive	thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit	inverter turbo defrost
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.	negative	runs a little long	Popcorn setting
Great mico wave.	positive	Great	mico wave
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.	positive	very straight forward	use
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.	negative	doesn't come on until you power on	light
Great purchase!	positive	Great	purchase
microwave came within two days and everything was where it should be.	positive	everything was where it should be	It
I've had microwave now for about two weeks and its great!	positive	great	it
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.	positive	really nothing to worry about	sticker
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.	positive	durable	microwave
product good - shipment no	negative	no	shipment
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.	negative	broken off	wheels
We glued them on and microwave works.	positive	works	it
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.	negative	more expensive	microwave
It barely made it 4 months.	negative	barely made it 4 months	It
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!	positive	very positively impressed!	Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black
Very good quality.	positive	Very good	quality
Easy to use and to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.	positive	right temperature	Heats
Great Microwave!	positive	Great	Microwave
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.	positive	just what we were looking for	it
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.	negative	total piece of garbage	This
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.	negative	failed	it
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but microwave generates NO heat whatsoever.	negative	generates NO heat whatsoever	it
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.	negative	they will not accept a return	amazon
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for microwave.	negative	doesn't seem to be any warranty	it
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.	negative	terrible	return policy
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.	positive	extremely satisfied	microwave
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!	positive	large capacity	its
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).	positive	does a good job	defrosting
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!	positive	meets all of them	this model
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.	positive	worth the purchase	This
Powerful, Even Heater	positive	Even	Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.	positive	does seem to heat the food more evenly	Inverter" feature
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.	positive	not the case	this unit
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.	positive	handy feature	dial
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.	positive	really a non-issue	this
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.	positive	no problem seeing	1.2 cubic foot space
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.	negative	only negative	unit
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.	negative	avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges	small touch pad
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.	negative	would be nice to be able to turn it down or off	beep volume
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.	negative	isn't five-star-perfect	unit
Terrible Product - Don't Buy	negative	Terrible	Product
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.	negative	4 weeks	repair shop
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.	negative	not worth the wait	Panasonic warranty and repair shops
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.	negative	problem	product
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.	negative	can't believe	quality
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.	negative	Needless to say...I will not be purchasing	Panasonic Microwave
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.	positive	stainless steel	It
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!	positive	2 minutes	popcorn
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.	negative	bit big	Its
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!	positive	never have to worry	popcorn
Never Buy Panasonic again	negative	Never Buy	Panasonic
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.	positive	initially we were really pleased	microwave
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.	negative	went out	magnatron
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.	negative	2 weeks	microwave
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.	negative	went out again	magnatron
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.	negative	4 to 8 months	last
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.	negative	no way to turn it off	microwave door button
Great for the price	positive	Great	price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.	positive	bigger but not so big	It
It's a great family-size unit.	positive	great family-size unit	It
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves it  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features	positive	loves	features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.	positive	awaits my next trip	unit
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?	positive	Innovative	functionality
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.	positive	taking about 6 inches less counter space	conventional small microwaves
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.	positive	adequate	power
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.	positive	similar to a 13 inch CRT television set	looks
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.	negative	large	restocking" fees
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.	positive	easy	operate
We use the microwave 2 times a day.	positive	2 times a day	use
Like the new technology	positive	Like	new technology
very nice unit.	positive	very nice	unit
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.	unknown	heats my dishes up nicely	dishes
Plenty of room, easy to use.	positive	easy	use
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China	positive	clockChild-safe	lockCook-end
Excellent Microwave	positive	Excellent	Microwave
Looks great and works great.	positive	great	works
I especially like the buttons and controls.	positive	especially like	controls
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.	positive	good	tactile feedback
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.	positive	almost looks like a built-in	it
Good little microwave	positive	little	microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.	positive	no complaints	works
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.	positive	small	price tag
I like the overall design and ease of this product.	positive	ease	product
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.	positive	like	microwave beeps
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.	positive	fairly powerful	wattage
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.	positive	love	microwave
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.	positive	extremely well	reheats
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.	positive	great for my needs	it
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.	positive	would recommend	it
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home	positive	Great	Commercial Oven
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.	positive	close to 20 years	first microwave
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.	negative	failed much sooner	subsequent models
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.	positive	would likely withstand routine usage for more years	routine usage
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.	negative	bit daunting	cost
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.	positive	sturdier feel	Panasonic
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.	positive	really like	it
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.	positive	working better	cavity
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.	positive	enthusiastically recommending	Commercial models
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."	negative	bit louder	done signal
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.	positive	very large stainless	steel microwave
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.	positive	very evenly	heats foods
At about $250, it was a real bargain.	positive	real bargain	250
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.	positive	very lightweight	It
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.	positive	less than 48 hours after I ordered	Amazon Prime
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.	negative	not* a benefit	control nob
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying unit.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.	positive	no complaints	microwaves
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.	negative	big gripe	design
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.	negative	not an improved experience	control nob
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.	positive	high power	machine
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.	negative	pseudo-analog	power display
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.	negative	6 times	power button
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.	negative	bright	display
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.	negative	not quiet	It
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.	negative	regret the purchase	it
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.	negative	Should have stuck	tried-and-tested control setup
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model	negative	not as good as	earlier model
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.	positive	very happy	predecessor model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.	negative	disappointed	it
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.	negative	difficult	operate
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.	negative	flawlessly	previous unit
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.	positive	operate well	turntable
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.	positive	attractive	stainless steel exterior
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.	negative	reduction	production quality
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.	positive	black	color
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.	negative	only be found on line	Panasonic NN-H965BF
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.	positive	love	microwave
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).	positive	lasting for over 10 years	last one
Works really well	positive	really well	Works
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.	positive	better	features
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.	positive	works perfect	reheat sensor
Micro is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.	positive	as easy to open and close	any Micro
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.	positive	very well	priced
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.	negative	expensive	microwave
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.	negative	hard to open	door
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.	negative	will not honor the warranty	Panasonic
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.	negative	just one year	this one
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux	positive	best microwave I've ever had	microwave
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.	positive	dies	old one
And out of the box, microwave has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.	positive	worked flawlessly	it
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls	negative	not enough	gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.	positive	all manner of	functions
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.	negative	run time in whole minutes	minutes" button
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.	negative	prefer	knob
Well made little machine.	positive	Well made	machine
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.	positive	still going strong	microwave
Compact unit works great, so far.	positive	great	works
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.	positive	most	power
microwave takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.	positive	quickly	heats
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.	negative	more regular cleaning	front panel
Very nice microwave for a very small price!	positive	very small	price
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.	positive	full powered	microwave
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.	positive	a lot of	special features
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.	positive	large enough	9"x13" pan
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.	positive	fairly quiet	oven
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.	positive	low	price
I am very disappointed with this unit!	negative	very disappointed	unit
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.	negative	whirring sound	shutdown
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.	negative	would make for much quieter operation	microwave technology
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.	negative	parts were not available	Panasonic authorized service dealer
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.	negative	stopped heating	microwave
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.	negative	not had the unit available for use for a month	unit
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.	positive	good	size
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.	positive	very well built	It
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.	positive	last forever	It
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.	positive	very solid	release mechanism
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.	positive	stellar	performance
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.	positive	perfect	Popcorn mode
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.	positive	spectacular	Sensor Reheat" mode
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).	positive	a third	old one
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.	positive	number	features
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.	positive	best	microwave
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.	positive	worthwhile investment	it
works quite well	positive	quite well	works
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since unit can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.	positive	vary the power	it
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.	positive	heats the food more evenly	food
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.	positive	ideal	compact oven
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!	negative	TERRIBLE	customer service
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!	negative	never order another	Panassonic product
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.	negative	bad loud ringing sound	Microwave
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").	negative	intercepted	Panasonic
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.	negative	messes up	reconstruction
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."	negative	won't take it back	Panasonic
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!	negative	buzzing	It
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS	negative	won't lift a finger	Panasonic
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: microwave is small, and I mean SMALL...	negative	small	it
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but microwave is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.	negative	too small	regular size bag of popcorn
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.	negative	forget about be happy	microwave
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is microwave just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.	negative	doesn't seem to like to stay	glass plate
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.	negative	cannot even fit	regular size bag of popcorn
Fabulous features!	positive	Fabulous	features
We love our new microwave!	positive	love	microwave
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.	positive	enjoyed	features
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)	positive	works very well	melt/soften feature
No complaints thus far for this microwave!	positive	No complaints	microwave
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.	negative	hate that I spent good money	microwave
Should have gotten a different brand.	negative	Should have gotten	different brand
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.	positive	very nice	these people
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.	positive	full purchase price	refund
Microwave is okay.	neutral	okay	Microwave
It is fairly big...	positive	fairly big	It
It is most certainly powerful.	positive	powerful	It
It just seems a little cheap?	negative	seems a little cheap	It
Great product, great price.	positive	great	price
I really like this large microwave, microwave is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.	positive	nice clean	look
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.	negative	may break	it
I would recommend this for the price.	positive	recommend	price
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.	positive	broke within a year	last one
I LOVE this microwave!	positive	LOVE	microwave
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.	negative	don't last	Panasonic microwave
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.	negative	two years	most recent
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.	positive	upgrade	model
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.	positive	better built	it
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.	positive	sci-fi	appearance
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.	positive	very cool	blue light
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.	positive	loud noises	last one
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.	positive	two days	Amazon
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.	positive	five minutes	running
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."	positive	fulfillment center	They
Very nice microwave.	positive	Very nice	microwave
Came packaged securely.	positive	securely	packaged
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.	positive	unusual	most microwaves
I would definitely recommend this applicance.	positive	recommend	applicance
Unevan Cooking and Loud	negative	Unevan	Cooking
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part Microwave works fine.	positive	works fine	it
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.	negative	very noisy	It
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.	negative	unevenly	cook
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.	positive	comes out fine	oatmeal
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.	negative	overcooked	second bowl
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.	negative	makes up it's mind to overcook or not	It
Microwave broken just after return window expired	negative	expired	return window
Heard all good comments on this one.	positive	good	comments
microwave broke yesterday.	negative	broke	It
Just after return window expired.	negative	expired	return window
Won't recommend Microwave.	negative	Won't recommend	it
Lacking specs	negative	Lacking	specs
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?	negative	no watt rating	watt rating
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?	negative	sizeless	it
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.	positive	trust	microwave
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.	positive	lasts for a very long time	microwave
microwave's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.	positive	good	it
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.	positive	good	it
microwave dies on me after many years.	positive	dies on me after many years	It
The internal is large.	positive	large	internal
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.	positive	Nothing much to complain	Panasonic microwaves
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.	negative	Don't like	it
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.	negative	should be call cook	Defrost
OHHH, to have my old one back.	negative	have my old one back	old one
Working like a champ	positive	champ	Working
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy microwave again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.	positive	I'd buy one of these again	one of these
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!	positive	boil in under two minutes!	cold cup of water
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.	positive	three or more	1200 watt microwaves
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.	positive	Easy	buttons
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.	positive	saved about 20$	white
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.	positive	works beautifully	popcorn option
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.	positive	No more stinky burned	popcorn
It's hard to see your food in this oven.	negative	hard to see	food
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.	negative	confusing	options
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.	negative	pop off the spinner	turntable
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking	negative	breaking	glass
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!	negative	cracked	glass
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.	negative	it never happened	prior microwave
First, the glass platter is broken.	negative	broken	glass platter
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.	negative	dangerous	microwave
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.	negative	disappointing drivel	response
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)	negative	don't care	machine
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.	negative	defective	product
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.	negative	not covered	warranty
Good microwave	positive	Good	microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.	positive	decent	microwave
microwave ideal for students and working people.	positive	ideal	working people
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.	positive	liked	microwave
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.	positive	gave out after 11 years	Panasonic microwave
We're happy with Panasonic microwave.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.	positive	fitting our criteria	this one
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered Panasonic microwave.	positive	fitting our criteria	this one
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).	positive	wider	dishes
The power is great (1:20 for tea).	positive	1:20	tea
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.	negative	gloss	black
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...	positive	better item	This
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.	positive	GREAT	WORKS
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.	positive	3 levels	popcorn button
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.	positive	great	it
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.	positive	large	glass platter
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.	positive	reduce	cooking power
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.	positive	keep foods warm	foods
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.	positive	well	works
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.	positive	Loyal Customer	Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.	negative	NOISE	product
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.	positive	simple	use
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.	positive	easy	clean
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.	positive	using it more	it
It's a winner for me.	positive	winner	It
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly	positive	fine	works
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.	negative	learning curve issue	bread products
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.	positive	TONS	features
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.	positive	does beep 5 times	beeper
Dim display screen	negative	Dim	display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.	negative	difficult to read	display
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.	positive	worse	The one
very nice microwve	positive	very nice	microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.	positive	easy to understand	modes
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.	positive	cook food more evenly	food
Recommend this microwave	positive	Recommend	microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.	positive	Very pleased	microwave
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.	positive	extra space	previous oven
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.	positive	very happy	inverter feature
Deeper heating.	positive	Deeper	heating
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.	positive	two and one half min	smaller unit
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.	positive	like	amounts
Customer is happy.	positive	happy	Customer
Very good for the price	positive	Very good	price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.	positive	improperly assembled	manufacturer
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.	positive	easily	Amazon
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.	negative	smuges/fingerprints	Replacement
The oven performs as advertised.	positive	performs as advertised	oven
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.	negative	different	door
That can move the oven if too vigorous.	negative	move	oven
Large size good for our purpose.	positive	good	Large size
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.	positive	fills nicely	this
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.	positive	large	size
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.	positive	turning	items
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!	positive	great!	looks
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.	positive	not run across any issues	it
Great purchase.	positive	Great	purchase
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.	negative	noise	stopping
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.	positive	lots	features
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.	negative	noise	stops
It works great.	positive	great	works
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.	positive	smaller	This
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.	negative	by no means as good as	more expensive model
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.	negative	loved	older one
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But Microwave Is A Good One	positive	Good	This
Easy to operate.	positive	Easy	operate
Authentic feel to the controls.	positive	Authentic feel	controls
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.	positive	Wonderful	coffee
Still discovering its capabilities.	positive	Still discovering	capabilities
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.	positive	ran perfectly well	oven
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and oven stopped working.	negative	stopped working	it
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.	negative	gone	fuse
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.	negative	turned off	Panasonic microwave oven
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.	positive	very nice service	product
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of Panasonic microwave oven worked for me.	negative	none of it worked	it
Great microwave	positive	Great	microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.	positive	good	product
Cooks evenly and looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
Tacky / non-retro microwave	negative	non-retro	microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.	negative	mistake	reviews
This oven might nuke just fine but oven is really cheap looking!	negative	cheap looking!	it
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.	negative	plastic chrome	it
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from oven.	negative	stay far, far, another galaxy away	this
