My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.
Love DeLongi maker.
Love coffee pot
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make machine hazardous.
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves micro  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features
microwave broke yesterday.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Panasonic Microwave was the best choice.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - Delonghi was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
I love Toaster Oven!
At the delivered price Cuisnart Red Toaster is a fantastic help in this depression!
under-$20 Proctor Silex's good.
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.
toaster's heavy duty.
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
We love product.
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought garbage cans were a nifty idea.
I'm happy I found stainless steel trash can.
We have had absolutely no problems with lid; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
trash can does its job, but nothing more.
