My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.
Coffe maker just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend Coffe maker to others.
Love DeLongi maker.
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned coffee maker a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, espresso machine has not given me any problems yet.
I recommend sucker for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then espresso machine just stopped heating water.
I called the company and they said that espresso machine was not repairable and to toss it out.
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss espresso machine out.
We use the same brand, and sometimes espresso comes out without a crema.
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love automatic latte maker.
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys automatic latte maker as much as I do!!!!
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into Cuisinart due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
We have never had problems with coffee pot up until about a week ago.
Today coffee pot won't turn on :(.
Love coffee pot
Compared to a My K-Cup, product wins
I think it is safe to say product is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
I'd recommended Espresso Machine as the perfect gift or addition to your home.
I love that coffee stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.
I cannot believe that people have problems with machine:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with machine.
machine is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.
I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on thermal coffee maker.
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, storage water filtered.
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, Cusinart Grind-and-Brew's gotta be good.
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and knives are great!
knives are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because knives really are good.
Bought a set of these about 10 years ago at a fund raiser for our local FD and knives are still almost as sharp as they day we bought them.
I have some very good knives but can definitely see set of knives getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel set of knives will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.
knives are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...flatware is decent and looks good.
knives showed spots after a couple of washings!
Guess knives were simply stainless steel coated.
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love forks, and we are using them for a bridal shower.
knives are all very well balanced.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are going back.
knife are crap.
knives are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying knives!
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, disposable flatware did the trick.
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, bread knife broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
tried returning but set out of warranty,,serious junk,,stay away.
The controls are great, microwave's really good looking, and it works fine.
microwave's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but microwave's a little too small for our needs.
I highly recommend microwave!
microwave came within two days and everything was where it should be.
I've had microwave now for about two weeks and its great!
We glued them on and microwave works.
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but microwave generates NO heat whatsoever.
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for microwave.
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying unit.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.
Micro is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.
And out of the box, microwave has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.
microwave takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since unit can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: microwave is small, and I mean SMALL...
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but microwave is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is microwave just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
I really like this large microwave, microwave is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part Microwave works fine.
microwave broke yesterday.
Won't recommend Microwave.
microwave's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.
microwave dies on me after many years.
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy microwave again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.
microwave ideal for students and working people.
We're happy with Panasonic microwave.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered Panasonic microwave.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But Microwave Is A Good One
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and oven stopped working.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of Panasonic microwave oven worked for me.
This oven might nuke just fine but oven is really cheap looking!
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from oven.
And toaster oven looks really cool.
toaster is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, toaster's great.
small oven is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.
It works great and I would highly recommend toaster.
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher!
toaster is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend toaster to others.
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, switch will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that Cuisinart does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with toaster.
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also toaster's very pretty.
Would have expected toaster to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.
I bought toaster for my own use because I cannot share a toaster with other family members.
toaster's attractice and the price is exceptional.
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give toaster 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
I love Toaster Oven!
I love stainless steel toaster!
I'm exaggerating but toaster does not weigh much.
toaster gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
the guys love the product they use product every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends
Like toaster oven and maybe love it!!
The only thing is a i wish toaster oven was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
toaster seemed to be it!
Sometimes toaster wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like toaster.
I would recommend toaster also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space toaster's really wide.
When our toaster died, a bit of research made oven seem like such a great idea.
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, oven burns everything put into the oven.
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, bread gets stuck.
Haven't tried to toast anything yet, just set toaster up.
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like lift levers might break at any moment.
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return replacement four slice Cuisinart and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
I however saw it at a friend's and realized toaster was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
toaster toasts.  Just no Domo face.
toaster oven will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.
Proctor Silex good.
My only problem with Proctor Silex is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
LOVE garbage pail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I only use trash can for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.
Yes Trashcan is expensive, but so worth it to me!
13 gallon kitchen bags fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
They fit nicely and you can fill 13 gallon kitchen bags completely.
We have had no issues with garbage can.
Very happy with garbage can.
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend garbage can!
We love product.
I love this horribly overpriced trash can!
I have had this for about a month now and Trash can works great.
We like can
we are happy with can.
YES. BUY garbage can IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course garbage can is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.
Anyway, yes garbage can is very nice, and holds a lot.
LOVE outdoor trash bags for our pool area
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why garbage can threw me off.
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however garbage can is quite expensive.
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but trash can suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.lid's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.
garbage can has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that trashcan is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam trashcan opens as if not locked at all.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return trashcan.
trash can s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
I had to use trash can in my bathroom instead !
As a result, we were constantly setting the infrared sensor off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
Sometimes product would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
Sometimes product refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
I'd like to return product, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
Love Product!
Love Product, Love it, Love it!
Love it, Love Product, Love it!
Love it, Love it, Love Product!
Nothing wrong with can!
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of can's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), can slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but trash can is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.
We have had absolutely no problems with iTouchless; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.
Very nice product, highly recommend product to others.
Love product.
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet trash can's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in trash can's great.
auto retracting cord makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
I love little vacuum!!!!
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!vacuum cleaner is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get vac.
I love Vac .
vacuum kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
All I know is that vacuum was a huge pain to us.
I'm not sure what the problem is, but it's not worth it to us to fix it seeing as we were frustrated with vacuum to begin with.
If not given the attention it needs, 3 pre-motor filters will clog.
I would like product a bit quieter, but the suction is good.
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and Wonder Washer paid for itself quickly.
I'm saving money using Wonder Washer which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and dirty clothes are nice and clean.
Replace included hose as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.
have not used it yet just got it today, but dryer looks like it is going to do the job.
Haier Compact Washer's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love Haier Compact Washer.
washer was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.
Don't Think About It...Just Buy washer!!
This is good because you know washer is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get hose in perfect with no spraying etc.
hose comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.
I took them out and was pleased to see that pair of white shorts were back to their normal self.
machine gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.
I use it for my kids clothes and machine is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!
Well I did, and I love Hand washing machine.
so back pack washer took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear washer in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so washer's awesome.
So, washer does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.
The only thing I can complain about it that washer does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and purchase is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.
