Great Toaster!	positive	Great	Toaster
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.	positive	reasonably	priced
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.	positive	never been disappointed	Hamilton Beach products
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.	positive	extremely easy	use
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.	positive	no complaints	it
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.	positive	very well	bakes
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.	positive	fairly well	hoagy buns
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.	negative	so sensitive	darkness control
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.	negative	need a flashlight	items
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.	negative	costs $20.00 (plus shipping	replacement pan
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.	negative	much smaller	10" x 11" pan
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.	positive	large enough	fries
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.	positive	cooking on both sides	grilling rack
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.	positive	pretty much the same time and temperature	baking
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.	positive	doesn't heat up the entire kitchen	It
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.	positive	fairly non-stick and easy to clean up	pan
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.	positive	like	it
Pray your toaster never fails	negative	Pray	toaster
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.	negative	failed	toaster
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.	negative	stopped working	right slots
I still had to pay to send the broken one.	negative	still had to pay	broken one
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.	negative	wrong	color
It cost me $14.15!	negative	$14.15!	cost
Not good customer service.	negative	Not good	customer service
It is perfect!	positive	perfect!	It
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.	positive	lowered significantly	electric bill
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.	positive	has paid for itself	It
Nice for the price	positive	Nice	price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.	positive	like	toaster oven
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.	neutral	little curved	english muffins
It's not the easiest to clean, either.	negative	not the easiest	clean
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.	positive	does well	plain bread
And toaster oven looks really cool.	positive	looks really cool	it
consistent toast	positive	consistent	toast
The browning dial works consistently well.	positive	works consistently well	browning dial
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.	positive	light brown	bread
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.	positive	works faster	previous toaster
toaster is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.	positive	make it easier to wipe crumbs away	redesign
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.	negative	not full flushed	metal part
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!	negative	burn	area
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, toaster's great.	positive	great	it
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?	positive	who can complain	price point
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.	positive	don't seem to be an issue	cord's positioning and length
Ok, but not great quality	negative	not great	quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.	negative	weird	egg
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.	negative	basically worthless	toaster portion
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.	negative	still mostly frozen	Toaster Strudel
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.	negative	definitely going to be shopping	new toaster
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.	positive	Love	space
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.	negative	larger	previous toaster
Its performance is so much better than my old one.	positive	so much better	old one
Color & quality are great	positive	great	quality
The color is perfect for the kitchen.	positive	perfect	color
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.	positive	well satisfied	toaster
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.	positive	like	bread
poor at toasting	negative	poor	toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	toaster
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	model
It does the job.	positive	does the job	It
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.	positive	perfectly	functions
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.	negative	stays on perpetually	energy-waster light
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.	positive	Tasty	Egg Muffin
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.	positive	just few minutes	Egg Muffin
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.	positive	awesome	toaster slot
Absolutely love this toaster.	positive	Absolutely love	toaster
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.	positive	extremely light weight	it
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!	positive	hello	Breville
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.	negative	NOTHING looks better	Dualit toaster
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.	positive	NEVER buy	Dualit toaster
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.	negative	poorly toasted	toast
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?	positive	fine	works
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.	positive	BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD	THIS
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.	positive	Great	toasting
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.	negative	art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking	Dualit
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!	positive	LOVE	TOASTER
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!	positive	GREAT	TOASTER
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.	negative	bad	reviews
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!	positive	would buy it again!	it
Does not toast evenly	negative	Does not toast evenly	toast
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.	positive	big sell	carrying handle
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.	negative	does not toast evenly	toaster
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.	negative	half toasted	bread
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.	negative	stay away	this one
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.	positive	sole reason I wake up at all	toaster
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.	negative	feel fragile	controls
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.	negative	tends to dry out	toast
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.	positive	has never let us down	oven
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.	positive	simple	clunky sliding switch
It won't hurt the oven but you toast won't get direct radiant heat from the lower heating elements.This is great for toast and bagels using the variable width pop-up, and for croissants, pastries and warming pizza slices etc in the small oven.	positive	great	pizza slices
small oven is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.	negative	does not shut perfectly	glass door
It works just like advertised.	positive	just like advertised	works
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.	positive	easy	process
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.	positive	no effort	egg sandwiches
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.	positive	very nice	eggs
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.	positive	works very nicely	this one
Wonderful Toaster	positive	Wonderful	Toaster
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.	positive	did not work	cheaper one
It works great and I would highly recommend toaster.	positive	highly recommend	it
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.	negative	frustrating	item
Reasonably priced2.	positive	Reasonably	priced
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.	positive	Nice	features
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.	positive	Audible	alarm
Cool touch sides5.	positive	Cool	touch sides
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.	positive	easily accomodate	bagels
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.	negative	Coarse granularity	timer
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.	negative	15 seconds too long	setting 2
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.	negative	less than useful	toaster
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(	negative	would be ok if I could set it using a wider range	digital controls
Great features!	positive	Great	features
This toaster is awesome!	positive	awesome!	toaster
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.	positive	delight	toasting
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival	negative	Dead on Arrival	Black and Decker Toaster
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.	positive	positive	reviews
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.	positive	securely	packaged
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.	negative	cheap looking plastic	toaster body
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.	negative	pretty short	cord
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.	negative	would not descend down far enough	heating element
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.	negative	cheap looking	toaster
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.	positive	did make an effort	Black and Decker customer service representative
Working well so far,good quality	positive	good	quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.	positive	not annoying	some others
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.	positive	very pleased	operation
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.	positive	simple	4 slice toaster
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.	positive	wish we had bought it a few years ago	it
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.	positive	worked perfectly	middle range
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.	positive	working within sight	countdown timer
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.	positive	easy to take out	crumb tray
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.	positive	satisfactory height	push up handle
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.	positive	advanced the art of cooking	products
This is one of those.	positive	is one of those	This
Way better than McDonalds!	positive	Way better	McDonalds
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher!	positive	LOVES	it
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.	positive	best	McMuffins
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher	positive	really happy	product
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.	positive	still thanking me	toaster
toaster is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.	positive	wide enough	thick slice of home made bread
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.	positive	do really work	toast gradations
uneven toast	negative	uneven	toast
All of the functions work as expected.	positive	work as expected	functions
Price was competitive.	positive	competitive	Price
Doesn't toast evenly ever.	negative	Doesn't toast evenly ever	toast
Excellent toaster	positive	Excellent	toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.	positive	evenly	bread
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.	positive	sturdy	toaster
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.	positive	like new	works
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend toaster to others.	positive	recommend	it
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.	positive	really like	it
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.	negative	will let heat out	bread
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, switch will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.	negative	have to keep an eye	oven part
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.	negative	caught on fire	toaster
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...	negative	1 star	rating
It  worth what we paid for it.	positive	worth what we paid	it
The only thing I don't really care for is the size of this toaster.	neutral	don't really care	size
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.	negative	would return	it
good toaster	positive	good	toaster
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.	negative	little experimenting	works
Great Retro Toaster	positive	Great	Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.	positive	really love	Cuisinart toaster
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.	positive	great	options
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.	positive	fits perfectly	retro look
Breville Does the Toasting Good	positive	Good	Toasting
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).	positive	useful	options
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.	positive	well protected	packaging
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.	negative	wish I had never bought	toaster
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.	negative	expect inconsistency	$15 toaster
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.	negative	expect consistency	$40 toaster
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.	positive	free	shipping
This thing rocks!	positive	rocks!	thing
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.	negative	hard to clean	heating element
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.	positive	really like	toaster/egg cooker
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	it
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.	negative	would change	power cord
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!	negative	Volkswagon bug!	size
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - it was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.	negative	lack of temp. control	brand
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that Cuisinart does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi	negative	never ever had this problem	Delonghi
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.	positive	perfection	hot dogs
totally awesome toaster!	positive	totally awesome	toaster
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.	positive	stylish	toaster
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.	positive	a lot better real life	looks
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.	positive	very straight forward fashion	poaches
I would totally recomend this product.	positive	totally recomend	product
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.	positive	does not take up much	space
Great product!!	positive	Great	product
I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.	positive	any size slice	bread
Works very well	positive	very well	Works
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with toaster.	positive	very happy	it
And we can toast 4 slices at once!	positive	4 slices at once	toast
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also toaster's very pretty.	positive	very pretty	it
Good looking, multiple features and great performance	positive	great	performance
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.	positive	enough	buttons
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.	positive	compliment	black and stainless steel look
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.	positive	similar to	former toaster
It toasted like a champ!	positive	like a champ!	toasted
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.	positive	did it perfectly	4 setting
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.	positive	really sold me	frozen setting
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.	positive	recommend	toaster
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.	negative	slightly overpriced	Russell Hobbs appliances
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.	positive	serves my need well	this
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.	positive	just as advertised	outer surface
Toasts Bagels great	positive	great	Bagels
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.	positive	enjoyed	Cuisinart appliances
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.	positive	evenly	Bagels
Would have expected toaster to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.	positive	expected it to weigh more	it
It works fine for me.	positive	fine	works
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.	positive	works fine	it
And it's find for this price!	positive	find	price
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.	negative	can't get the lever to come up	lever
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.	negative	unplug	toaster
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.	positive	use it every morning	it
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.	positive	delicious	breakfasts
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.	positive	plenty of protein	fat-free english muffins
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.	positive	five stars	it
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!	positive	healthy	breakfast
Excellent toaster for two slice	positive	Excellent	toaster
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.	positive	recommend	toaster
It provides fast and even toasting every time.	positive	even	toasting
toaster's attractice and the price is exceptional.	positive	exceptional	price
Love this toaster	positive	Love	toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.	positive	best	toaster
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.	positive	easy to remember	digital number
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.	positive	much more evenly	other toaster
The progress indicator is great.	positive	great	progress indicator
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.	positive	nice	oversized bread
Best toaster I've ever had	positive	Best	toaster
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.	positive	good looking	toaster
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.	positive	accurate	control
I'm very pleased with the toaster.	positive	very pleased	toaster
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give toaster 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.	negative	inconvenient	cord
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.	positive	easy to remove	bread
The smallest quality Toaster oven around	positive	quality	Toaster oven
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.	positive	very functional	Toaster Oven
I love Toaster Oven!	positive	love	it
I love stainless steel toaster!	positive	love	it
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.	positive	died	stainless steel toaster
This red toaster is so beautiful!	positive	beautiful!	red toaster
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.	negative	save your money	toaster
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.	negative	narrow	bread slots
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.	negative	burned	toast
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.	negative	threw the toaster out	toaster
This toaster is very cheaply made.	negative	cheaply made	toaster
I'm exaggerating but toaster does not weigh much.	positive	not weigh much	it
The toasting was very uneven.	negative	very uneven	toasting
toaster gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.	negative	concern	plastic
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.	positive	fancy	light up
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.	negative	would have been a good buy	original price
At the delivered price it is a fantastic help in this depression!	negative	fantastic help in this depression!	delivered price
Gimped Toaster	negative	Gimped	Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)	negative	cheaply made	toaster
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)	negative	poor	metal forging
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.	negative	never keeps the elements on	elements
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.	negative	shut off soon	element
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.	negative	bakes	toast setting
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)	negative	shattering	glass door
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)	negative	rub off	labels
Power cord is WAY too short.	negative	WAY too short	Power cord
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.	negative	avoid	unit
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.	negative	cruddy	toaster
Nice toaster.	positive	Nice	toaster
This is a nice toaster.	positive	nice	toaster
Toasts well and evenly.	positive	evenly	Toasts
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.	positive	nice features	audio indication
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most	negative	more expensive	most
awesome product	positive	awesome	product
the guys love the product they use product every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends	positive	recommend	product
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.	positive	tasty	breakfast sandwich
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.	positive	simple thing to remedy	meat
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.	positive	no problem	sausage patties
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.	positive	haven't experienced any problems	bread
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.	positive	worthwhile	mc-breakfast
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.	positive	a year	lasts
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.	negative	waste of time	toaster
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.	negative	does not work	one side
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.	negative	does not	website
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.	positive	a star	it
Like toaster oven and maybe love it!!	positive	love	it
I think this toaster oven is a great size!	positive	great	size
Works really well too.	positive	really well	Works
The only thing is a i wish toaster oven was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.	negative	doesn't really close	door
BUT other than that it is a great product.	positive	great	product
toaster seemed to be it!	neutral	seemed to be it!	this
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.	negative	weren't always consistent	settings
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .	positive	does handle	larger sizes
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.	negative	flimsy	mechanism
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.	negative	get stuck	things
Sometimes toaster wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.	negative	getting out of alignment	parts
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.	positive	well	works
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
It just isn't built that well.	negative	isn't built that well	built
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.	positive	not the worst purchase	it
Love It!	positive	Love	It
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small	positive	Love	push button
Toastes very unevenly.	negative	very unevenly	Toastes
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.	negative	better	B & D
Worked perfect for me.	positive	perfect	Worked
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.	positive	awesome	toaster
Great product	positive	Great	product
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like toaster.	positive	like	it
I would recommend toaster also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.	positive	wide	it
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space toaster's really wide.	positive	wide	it
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.	negative	Burns	bread
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.	positive	quickly	toasts
And it is compact and looks good.	positive	looks good	it
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.	negative	fall	rack
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.	negative	hard to see	selector
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.	negative	small raised black line	It
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.	negative	not be able to set	heat settings
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.	negative	fire hazard	oven
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.	negative	worst	toaster oven
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.	negative	burns	bread
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.	negative	barely toasted	toast
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.	positive	does not show finger prints	toaster
Great idea, but it burns everything	negative	burns everything	it
When our toaster died, a bit of research made oven seem like such a great idea.	positive	great idea	this
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.	positive	wide	toaster slot
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, oven burns everything put into the oven.	negative	burns	it
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.	negative	short	toaster slot
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, bread gets stuck.	negative	gets stuck	it
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.	positive	little	machine
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	anything even slightly out of the ordinary
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service	negative	worse	customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.	negative	never worked	toaster
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).	positive	all sorts of breads	works
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.	negative	did not work	toaster timer
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.	negative	MANY burned	bread slices
Essentially their support is non-existant.	negative	non-existant	support
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.	negative	wasn't really an easy way	return
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.	negative	isn't reliable	this thing
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.	negative	bad	product
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.	negative	never buy	Cuisinart
Brave Little Toaster!	unknown	Little	Toaster
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.	positive	love	toaster
The bagel setting is particularly cool.	positive	cool	bagel setting
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.	positive	tick tick tick	old toaster
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.	positive	nice job	pizza
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.	positive	big hit	pull-out crumb tray
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.	negative	aren't easy to read	dials
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.	negative	way too dark	toast
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.	negative	stainless steel	sides
A Great Product	positive	Great	Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.	positive	blessing	product
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.	positive	same time	egg
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.	positive	whole slice	toaster
Thank You for a Great Product.	positive	Great	Product
good for price	positive	good	price
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?	negative	little dark	toast
we like it and is serves its purpose.	positive	serves its purpose	it
Short tail!	negative	Short	tail
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!	negative	very short	tail
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.	negative	barely reaches	cord
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down	negative	will not stay down	levers
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.	negative	good years	old B&D toaster oven
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.	positive	caught on fire	2 mini bagels
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.	positive	melted	handle
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.	negative	unfortunate feature	twist the dial toaster oven
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.	negative	don't get the same result	twist the dial
Maybe in time, I will get used to the new dial option.This toaster over gets three stars.	neutral	three stars	toaster over
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.	negative	cheap	it
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.	negative	does not close very smoothly	door
In my opinion, a poor design.In summation: an OK toaster oven, it functions, but nothing special.	neutral	OK	toaster oven
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.	negative	beloved	toaster
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like lift levers might break at any moment.	negative	might break	they
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return replacement four slice Cuisinart and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.	negative	return	it
problem with the door.	negative	problem	door
returned to shop wise for a refund	negative	returned	shop wise
excellent for the $$	positive	excellent	$$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.	positive	Great	slide out crumb catcher
Excellent value for the money.	positive	Excellent value	money
Compact 4 slice unit	positive	Compact	4 slice unit
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.	positive	plus	dual control
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect	negative	incorrect	measurements
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.	positive	great	price
I however saw it at a friend's and realized toaster was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep	positive	smaller	it
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.	negative	barely lit up	right slots
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.	negative	ordered	different brand
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.	negative	bad	product
First one I bought didn't work at all.	positive	didn't work	First one
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.	positive	neat	bagel setting
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly	positive	toasts bread perfectly	bread
toaster toasts.  Just no Domo face.	negative	no	Domo face
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.	positive	obsessed	Domo
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.	negative	not successfully	Domo's face
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine	positive	just fine	works
The little toaster oven that could!	positive	that could!	toaster oven
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.	positive	beloved work horse	old toaster over
toaster oven will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.	positive	get the job done	frozen waffles
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!	positive	sweet!	cancel button
It's still going strong.	positive	going strong	It
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.	negative	slow	it
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.	positive	evenly	Toasts
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.	negative	second toasting can be needed	english muffins
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.	positive	returned	Oster
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.	positive	returned	Cuisinart
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.	positive	little	toaster
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.	negative	does keep the crumbs	crumb tray
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.	positive	I'd give it five stars	toaster
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.	positive	well	toasts
Uneven Toasting	negative	Uneven	Toasting
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.	positive	one side nicely	toasts
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!	negative	toast EVENLY!!!	white bread
Looks pretty	positive	pretty	Looks
I would give this about 2.5 stars.	neutral	2.5 stars	this
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.	positive	pretty	slant effect
Sturdy toaster	positive	Sturdy	toaster
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.	positive	under-$20	Proctor Silex
Proctor Silex good.	positive	good	It's
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.	positive	nice	sliding heat range
My only problem with Proctor Silex is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.	negative	slip down	bread
We love this toaster oven.	positive	love	toaster oven
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.	positive	fits nicely	It
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.	positive	great	quick foods
Much better than turning on the oven.	positive	better than	oven
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!	positive	rejoice!	Sandwich
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.	positive	elegant	It
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.	positive	perfect	toast
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.	positive	easily	bagels
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.	positive	love	no levers
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?	positive	Lift and Look	button
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.	positive	A Bit More	button
"It's ingenious.	positive	ingenious	It
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
