Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.	positive	awesome	performance
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.	negative	did stop working	motion sensor
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.	positive	great	looks
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.	negative	only complaint	on and off switch
Very nice and unique item.	unknown	unique	item
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.	positive	without having to touch	garbage can
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.	positive	eventually broke	step on kind
These cans are very fashionable.	positive	very fashionable	cans
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.	positive	so fun	trash
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.	positive	complimenting	cans
Price is excellent.	positive	excellent	Price
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.	positive	pay more	one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening
would highly recommend this purchase.	positive	highly recommend	purchase
LOVE garbage pail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive	LOVE	IT
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.	positive	love	concept
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.	negative	concern	location
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.	positive	congrats	opening system
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.	positive	Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open	top
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.	positive	very easy	stainless steel
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.	positive	fits in perfectly	stainless steel appliances
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.	positive	long	Battery life
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.	positive	well-made	trash can
Yes Trashcan is expensive, but so worth it to me!	positive	so worth it	it
I love not having a top.	positive	love	top
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.	negative	hate	lids
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.	positive	not an issue	trash
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.	positive	looks so good	can
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.	positive	easy	use
13 gallon kitchen bags fit nicely and you can fill them completely.	positive	fill them completely	them
They fit nicely and you can fill 13 gallon kitchen bags completely.	positive	fill them completely	them
Great Trash Can	positive	Great	Trash Can
It looks great and is stylish.	positive	great	looks
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.	positive	no issues at all	battery
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.	positive	so nice	trash
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.	positive	keep the spreading of germs down	it
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.	positive	clean operation	trash can
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...	positive	like	use
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!	positive	less expensive	many that are out there
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.	positive	fit it perfectly	13 gallon bags
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.	negative	two drawbacks	item
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.	negative	could have a mess	can
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!	negative	perplexed	feature
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!	positive	without ever having to touch it	batteries
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.	positive	nice	option
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.	negative	only lasts for a few weeks	battery operated feature
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can	negative	Do Not Buy	Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.	negative	hate	garbage can
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.	negative	impossible	clean
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.	negative	lingering, festering smell pot	crannies
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.	negative	all aesthetic and no practicality	design
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.	negative	can't operate	automatic lid
It works great and I love the trash can.	positive	love	trash can
Great product	positive	Great	product
Love the quality of this manufacturer.	positive	Love	manufacturer
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.	positive	Easy	use
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).	positive	no special orders necessary	trash bag sizes
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.	positive	Highly recommend	it
And kids love using it (another plus)...	positive	plus	using
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?	positive	Great	garbage can
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.	positive	really likes	garbage can
We have had no issues with garbage can.	positive	no issues	it
Very happy with garbage can.	positive	Very happy	it
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend garbage can!	positive	recommend	it
Great product	positive	Great	product
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.	positive	solved his problem	it
Great product	unknown	Great	product
We love product.	positive	love	it
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.	positive	amazing	stuff
We'd recommend it highly.	positive	recommend it highly	it
This is a great quality and value.	positive	great	value
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.	positive	functional	this one
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great trash can for outside.	positive	Great	trash can
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.	positive	not get filled with water	trash bag
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.	positive	locks	lid
returned first one now perfect	negative	returned	first one
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.	positive	inconsistent	operation
got a replacement and it works great .	positive	works great	replacement
Awesome Trash Can!	positive	Awesome	Trash Can
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.	positive	wonderful	product
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).	positive	considerably down	regular trash cans
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.	positive	works great	sensor
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!	negative	bit pricey	trash can
I love this horribly overpriced trash can!	negative	horribly overpriced	thing
I even like changing the bag.	positive	like	bag
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected	negative	wasn't as firm	Spring
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."	negative	wilted	trash can
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.	positive	don't notice	trash
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.	positive	have not noticed any	smells
Great Trash can for the money	positive	Great	Trash can
I have had this for about a month now and Trash can works great.	positive	works great	it
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.	positive	larger	last one
For the money this is a great buy.	positive	great buy	money
We like can	positive	like	it
we are happy with can.	positive	happy	it
The only down side is the weight.	negative	down side	weight
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.	negative	wants to slip/slide	It
YES. BUY garbage can IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.	positive	BUY	IT
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.	positive	saved my messy room	garbage can
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.	positive	very nice	quality
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course garbage can is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.	positive	MINI	it
Anyway, yes garbage can is very nice, and holds a lot.	positive	holds a lot	it
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.	neutral	not a big deal	fingerprints
Nice little waste can.	positive	little	waste can
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.	negative	dump it twice a day	it
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.	positive	good	quality
Great little trash can!	positive	little	trash can
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!	positive	perfect	trash can
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.	positive	extra convenient	handle
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.	positive	true to how it looks in the picture	purple color
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size	negative	not really much use	size
I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!	neutral	not a big deal	trash can
Excited about a garbage can?	positive	Excited	garbage can
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.	positive	expensive	price tag
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.	positive	great	locking lid
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).	positive	fit very nicely	13 gallon bags
LOVE outdoor trash bags for our pool area	positive	LOVE	IT
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.	positive	larger	capacity
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).	positive	cinch	put together
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.	positive	beautiful	looks
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.	positive	great addition	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.	positive	perfect	size
Great buy at a great price	positive	great	price
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why garbage can threw me off.	positive	threw me off	it
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.	positive	perfect	size
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!	positive	you need!	garbage
Expensive garbage can	negative	Expensive	garbage can
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however garbage can is quite expensive.	negative	quite expensive	it
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.	negative	hard to fit	garbage bags
fits under a massage table	positive	fits	massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.	positive	fits	massage bed
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.	positive	easy	open
Great product!	positive	Great	product
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.	positive	snap to assemble	box
The sensor is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	sensor
Works great.	positive	great	Works
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.	positive	Plus	13 gallon bin
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.	positive	can buy	standard size trash can bags
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.	positive	worked great	This
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.	negative	stinky	pee diapers
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.	positive	also get stinky	more expensive diaper pails
This can is nice and narrow.	positive	narrow	can
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.	positive	fits into just about any narrow crevice	It
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.	positive	perfect	this
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.	positive	chalky	purple
The picture is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	picture
Favorite trash can	positive	Favorite	trash can
Thick material.	positive	Thick	material
Colors are great.	positive	great	Colors
Score another win for simplehuman!	positive	another win	simplehuman
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.	positive	proud owner	simplehuman butterfly trash can
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.	positive	great	looks
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.	positive	Love the ease	bags
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.	positive	loved	slide lock
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.	positive	very nice	looks
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.	positive	nasty	old litter pail
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).	positive	twice the cost	diaper pails
So far this has been great.	positive	great	this
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.	positive	fits quite well	lid
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.	positive	floored me	10 year warranty
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but trash can suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.	positive	suits our purposes perfectly	it
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.	positive	give this trash can a look	trash can
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.	negative	just terrible	engineering
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.	negative	go out	batteries
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.	negative	went out	new battery lid
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.	negative	gave up the ghost and died	battery compartment
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.	negative	toy	100$
Save your money on this item.	negative	Save your money	item
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.	negative	topped out in a week	batteries
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.	negative	nolonger raise it's lid	lid
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!	positive	PERFECT	trash can
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!	positive	designed	lid
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.lid's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.	positive	Nice little whirling	sound
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!	positive	should last for years	D"batteries
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).	positive	tightly and neatly	any type of bag
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.	positive	right amount	overhang
Great step can	positive	Great	step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.	positive	really helps	locking feature
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.	positive	slender	can
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.	positive	doesn't take up much space	It
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.	negative	quite a bit of rubbish	holds
Glad we made this purchase.	positive	Glad	purchase
The motor just pooped out.	negative	pooped out	motor
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.	negative	never improved	gears
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.	negative	avoid	touchless
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.	negative	just doesn't stand the test of time	it
It's really a waste of money.	negative	really a waste of money	It
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.	negative	looking for	replacement can
Cool garbage can	positive	Cool	garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.	positive	Very sharp looking	garbage can
Easy to change bags.	positive	Easy	bags
I love the motion sensor open feature.	positive	love	motion sensor open feature
garbage can has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.	positive	conversation piece	It
Price is also a big plus.	positive	big plus	Price
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.	positive	still on the batteries that came with this	batteries
I love this can.	positive	love	can
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.	positive	love	functionality
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.	positive	amazed	automatic lid
Skipping around about a garbage can!	positive	Skipping around	garbage can
I'm really happy with this purchase!	positive	really happy	purchase
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!	positive	great	kitchen can
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.	positive	don't fit real cleanly	trash bags/liners
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.	positive	just fine	function
Great trash can!	positive	Great	trash can
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!	positive	so does everyone	new trash can
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.	negative	did not fit	retainer ring
Shadows even keep it open.	positive	Shadows even keep it open	it
Great quality and it looks great!	positive	Great	quality
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.	positive	replace	platic step on container
This can is great for its value.	positive	great	can
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.	positive	contains the odor well	odor
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.	negative	open consistently	sensor
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.	positive	find new ways	can
fits grocery bags well	positive	fits grocery bags well	grocery bags
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.	negative	mangled	rim
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.	negative	expensive	trash can
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.	negative	used up batteries very fast	batteries
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.	negative	wasn't working	it
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.	negative	total loss	it
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.	negative	immediately open again	previous sensor can
Love it!!!	positive	Love	it
Love it!	positive	Love	it
So much better than any others I have had!	positive	better than	others
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!	negative	open	it
NOT a dog-proof design	negative	NOT a dog-proof	design
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that trashcan is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.	positive	child and pet proof	it
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.	negative	VERY EASY to get around	lock
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam trashcan opens as if not locked at all.	negative	opens as if not locked at all	it
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return trashcan.	negative	return	it
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!	positive	Perfect	trash
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.	positive	locking	lid
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.	positive	SO PLEASED	purchase
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.	positive	serves its purpose	it
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.	positive	glad	Grey
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.	negative	return	first one
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.	negative	would not close properly	lid
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.	positive	great	Amazon
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.	positive	attractive	trash can
This is it - it's perfect.	positive	perfect	This
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.	positive	5 minutes max	assemble
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.	positive	haven't had problems	trash bin
We are very pleased with this purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.	negative	disappointing	product
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.	negative	crease	lid
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.	negative	does not completely close	lid
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.	negative	wedge my toe	lid
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.	negative	cheaply made	product
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.	negative	not working	sensor
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.	negative	better off	old school ones
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.	negative	open and close on its own	sensor
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.	negative	manually	close" button
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea.	positive	sick	old trash cans
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.	positive	perfect	sizes
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.	negative	cool	automatic ones
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.	negative	open and close NON STOP	trash can
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!	negative	incessant	closing
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.	negative	smaller	base
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.	negative	disassembled	ring
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!	negative	couldn't take it anymore!	trash cans
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.	negative	hasn't worked	automatic trash bins
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!	negative	HEADACHE	THEY
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.	positive	far better	garbage can
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.	positive	quick	emptying
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.	positive	lifts easily	top
I am very pleased with my purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
Great price for both.	positive	Great	price
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.	positive	don't run out too fast	batteries
Batteries not included.	negative	not included	Batteries
Easy to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Motion sensor works really good.	positive	works really good	Motion sensor
Arrived fast and undamaged.	positive	undamaged	Arrived
I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
This basket is sturdy and well made.	positive	well made	basket
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.	positive	easy	handle
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.	positive	don't have to lift	lid
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.	negative	broke	hinge
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.	positive	highly recommend	trash can
Thanks iTouchless!	positive	Thanks	iTouchless
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.	positive	3 days	trash can
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.	positive	fast	shipping
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.	positive	large enough	They
They clean easily.	positive	easily	clean
This trash can solves both problems.	positive	solves both problems	trash can
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.	positive	takes care of the smell	deodorizer
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.	positive	love	lid
trash can s Ok, but the picture is misleading.	negative	misleading	picture
it is a nice trash can.	positive	nice	trash can
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.	negative	wasn't explicit	description
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.	negative	not easy to spot	size
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.	negative	look much bigger	picture
I had to use trash can in my bathroom instead !	negative	use it in my bathroom instead	it
Great alternative to SimpleHuman	positive	Great alternative	SimpleHuman
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.	positive	two compartments	trash bin
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.	positive	too much	SimpleHuman
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.	positive	larger	compartments
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.	negative	no inner bin	individual compartments
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.	positive	no complaints	sensor
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.	negative	can't distinguish	infrared sensor
As a result, we were constantly setting the infrared sensor off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.	negative	joke	lid
Sometimes product would raise the lid for no apparent reason.	negative	raise the lid for no apparent reason	it
Sometimes product refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.	negative	refused to open	it
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.	negative	manually	lid
I'd like to return product, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.	negative	return	it
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.	negative	go with	pedal cans
Nice trash can	positive	Nice	trash can
I really like this trash can.	positive	really like	trash can
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.	positive	deep enough	lid
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.	negative	adjust	sensor
well built	positive	well	built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.	positive	none work as well	work
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!	positive	well	built
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.	negative	does not come out quite far enough	it
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.	negative	strange angles	it
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.	negative	floor	garbage
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.	positive	really love	product
Very please with both products.	positive	Very please	products
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !	positive	Easy	put together
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa	positive	fast	went together
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.	negative	dumps	contents
Seems like a solid product..	positive	solid	product
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.	positive	couldn't be happier	trash can
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.	positive	cheap	Looks
It's easy to put the bags in and out.	positive	easy	bags
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.	positive	unattrative	manual trash cans
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen	positive	doesnt stink up	kitchen
Well made/durable product.	positive	Well made/durable	product
Easy to instal.	positive	Easy	instal
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.	positive	little effort	Slides
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.	positive	hasnt done	no cover
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.	negative	fit snugly	can
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.	negative	little less than 3/4's full	bag
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.	negative	recommended	other bags
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!	positive	recommend	it
Love Product!	positive	Love	it
Product works great.	positive	works great	Product
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!	positive	better	large one
Love Product, Love it, Love it!	positive	Love	it
Love it, Love Product, Love it!	positive	Love	it
Love it, Love it, Love Product!	positive	Love	it
The best trash bin EVER	positive	best	trash bin
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.	positive	best	trash bin
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.	positive	great conversation piece	trash bin
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.	positive	do not hold up	rubber ones
This wastebasket is working perfectly.	positive	working perfectly	wastebasket
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	positive	Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	trash can
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.	positive	didn't work as well	foot pedal one
Love the iTouchless.	positive	Love	iTouchless
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.	positive	good	product
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!	positive	DON'T WAIT!	it
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!	positive	snaps shut	it
Great trash can, works flawlessly.	positive	flawlessly	works
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.	positive	not had a problem	sensor
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.	positive	fill it to about 75%	regular kitchen trash bag
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.	positive	recommend	product
Like it	positive	Like	it
I like that I can lock it on top.	positive	lock	it
The trash can met my expectations.	positive	met my expectations	trash can
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!	positive	wonderful	locking feature
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.	negative	only complaint	simplehuman trash bags
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.	negative	slide down	trash can
Overall a great purchase though!	positive	great	purchase
Just the right size	positive	right	size
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.	positive	works out very well	it
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.	positive	do not even need to use	scent basket
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom	positive	Small	Trash Can
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.	positive	exceded my expectations	it
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...	negative	break	plastic piece
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.	positive	TEN YEAR WARRANTY	Simplehuman
Missing Part and Change of manual	negative	Change	manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.	negative	don't like	inner basket
I return them and get refunded.	negative	return	them
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...	positive	never go back	regular trash can
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).	positive	longer	regular waste can
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.	negative	broke	plastic components
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.	positive	can't blame	machine
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.	negative	isn't easy to use	step-type can
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.	positive	amazed	iTouchless
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.	positive	just wave your hand	lid
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.	positive	great	Battery life
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.	positive	hidden	trash bag
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.	positive	superb	trash can
Nothing wrong with can!	positive	Nothing wrong	this
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of can's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.	positive	sturdy/durable	pieces
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), can slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.	positive	sturdy/durable	pieces
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails	positive	Forget	diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.	positive	best	purchases
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.	positive	stick	odor controllers
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.	positive	sturdy	it
It fit well when assembled.	positive	fit well	It
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.	positive	like	latch
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.	positive	dry	unit
Overall great purchase for the price.	positive	great	purchase
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)	positive	Perfect	Trash Can
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.	positive	never strong enough	ones with levers
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.	positive	perfect	trash can
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.	negative	too weak	can
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but trash can is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.	positive	as strong as	other metal trash can
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.	negative	issues	lid
We have had absolutely no problems with iTouchless; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.	positive	have not seen any cracks	plastic rim
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.	positive	pretty solid	plastic
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.	positive	well	works
Very nice product, highly recommend product to others.	positive	highly recommend	it
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!	positive	Totally worth	10 bucks
Love product.	positive	Love	it
I cannot live without this garbage can!	positive	cannot live without	garbage can
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.	positive	going strong	trash can
The pedal has not failed.	positive	has not failed	pedal
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet trash can's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.	positive	large enough	it
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.	positive	fit really well	13 gallon trash bags
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.	positive	round shape	trash
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.	positive	sufficient amount	trash
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.	negative	expensive	trash can
Best trash can ever	positive	Best	trash can
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.	negative	too sensetive	reviews
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in trash can's great.	positive	great	it
