For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.	positive	easy	hose implements
great vacuum, great price	positive	great	price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.	positive	great	pet hair
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!	positive	cleaner than ever	floors
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.	positive	great	works
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!	positive	very happy	Hoover
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.	positive	pleasure	using
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.	positive	super	powerful
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.	positive	can get the Hoover bags at almost	Hoover bags
Never a Better Vacuum	positive	Never a Better	Vacuum
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.	positive	not One Complaint	Vacuum Cleaner
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.	positive	like a charm	works
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.	positive	no problem	sucked up
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!	positive	lightweight	Vacuum Cleaner
Love it!	positive	Love	it
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!	positive	I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate	Hoover floormate
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.	positive	streak free	floors
Easy fix for no suction	positive	Easy fix	no suction
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.	negative	lack of	suction
The hose was clogged pretty badly.	negative	pretty badly	clogged
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???	negative	Poor	design
Powerful for its size	positive	Powerful	size
I am very happy with its performance.	positive	very happy	performance
Powerful for its size.	positive	Powerful	size
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.	positive	right	accessories
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.	positive	great	dirt devil
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.	positive	recommend	it
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.	positive	ideal	quick refresh
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.	negative	go for the extra	10.00 more
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.	positive	like	machine
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.	positive	tremendous	suction power
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.	positive	inexpensive	whatever bagless machine
You still have that dust cup problem.	negative	problem	dust cup
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.	positive	like	remove the bag
This vac picks it all up and darned well.	positive	picks it all up	vac
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.	positive	great job	pet-paw
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."	negative	awful	upholstery "brush."
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.	positive	fits on the hose wand just fine	hose wand
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.	positive	workmanlike	vacuum
We Love this Vacuum	positive	Love	Vacuum
Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found.	positive	less than	$120
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.	positive	easy	clean
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.	positive	Great	suction power
It makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.	positive	reccomend	product
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	negative	will not work	vacuum
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.	negative	not being able	vacuum cleaner
Very disappointed with this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price	positive	GOOD	Vacuum price
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.	positive	GOOD	vacuum
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.	positive	still priced a little more than	one
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.	positive	right	priced
This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!	positive	VERY GOOD	vacuum
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.	negative	EXCELLENT	vacuums
Nobody does it like you!	positive	Thanx	Hoover
the motor broke in less than two weeks.	negative	broke in less than	two weeks
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.	negative	start fuming	motor
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.	negative	could smell fumes	filters
We returned the product	negative	returned	product
Best "stick" vacuum ever!	positive	Best	"stick" vacuum
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.	positive	still going strong	original battery
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.	negative	only last	15 minutes
We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.	positive	love	vac
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!	positive	easy	maneuver
We highly recommend this vacuum.	positive	highly recommend	vacuum
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best	positive	best	this
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.	positive	horrible	brand new vacuum
It 'feels' better than others.	positive	better than	others
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.	positive	fairly light	weight
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.	positive	good	location
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!	positive	still love	vacuum
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.	positive	like it so much	second one
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.	positive	easy	use
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.	positive	great	works
best cordless stick vacuum	positive	best	cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much	positive	like that one very much	one
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...	negative	quite short	hose
I love it!!!!	positive	love	it
A little vacuum with big power!	positive	big	power
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!	positive	great	little vacuum cleaner
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!It is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.	positive	great	item
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.	negative	probably would not have bought it	color
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!	positive	wonderful	purchase
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.	positive	excellent	price
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it	negative	looks the same	floor
Batteries are great.	positive	great	Batteries
The charge on these batteries is good.	positive	good	charge on these batteries
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.	negative	not so well	anything much heavier than that
Well Worth the Money	positive	Well Worth	Money
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.	positive	excellent	suction power
It is a bit noisy.	negative	noisy	It
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.	negative	lower down than I would prefer	on/off switch
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.	positive	get a lot of bang	buck
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.	positive	quickly	arrived
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.	positive	get rid of	odors
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.	positive	so glad	vac
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.	positive	wont have to buy	filter
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get this one.	positive	overpriced	vac's
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.	negative	burned out	motor
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.	positive	will be purchasing	same vac
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.	positive	amazing job	crumbs
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.	positive	fits into	pretty narrow spaces
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.	positive	easily	clean
its so small and compact and easy to store.	positive	easy	store
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	negative	don't expect	vacuum
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.	positive	wasn't going to work	full sized vacuum cleaner
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.	positive	very well thought out	pull out extended reach tube
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.	positive	good job	picking up things
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.	negative	no means	replacement for a rotary brush
Find something with a rotary brush.	negative	Find something	rotary brush
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.	positive	perfectly	designed
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.	positive	recommend	model
Very disappointed about this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.	negative	broken	wheel
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".	negative	without being paid	shipping
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.	positive	great	removable handle
Two batteries a plus!	positive	plus	Two batteries
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.	negative	broke	handle
Great machine and deal!	positive	Great	deal
Terrible - an absolute waste of money	negative	absolute waste	money
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.	negative	performed more like	$50 vaccuum
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.	negative	very difficult	turn
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.	negative	does not pick up very much	pick up
I love Vac .	positive	love	it
Lite to use but strong power.	positive	strong	power
The attachments work great.	positive	great	work
Very easy to empty dust cup.	positive	Very easy	dust cup
Wonderful Vacuum	positive	Wonderful	Vacuum
But I didn't want to pay those prices.	negative	didn't want to pay	prices
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.	positive	very fast	vacuum
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!	positive	how well	thing
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!	positive	gone	hair
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!	positive	just as beautifully	works
What a great purchase!	positive	great	purchase
Great Little Machine	positive	Great	Little Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.	positive	seemed to not do anything	cordless dustbuster
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.	positive	rivals	suction
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.	positive	best way	clean
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...	positive	reaches easily	20 ft. cord
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.	negative	wish the attachment had a brush for dusting	attachment
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.	positive	quick	clean up
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.	neutral	totally been okay	price
some parts good, some parts annoying	negative	annoying	parts
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.	negative	not so good	floors
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.	negative	little weird	location
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.	negative	hurts to take it off	hose
When first got it the suction was great.	positive	great	suction
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.	negative	slowly turning	extra adapter
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.	negative	Was hoping to find a good	vacuum
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	positive	SUCKS	thing
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!	positive	YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own	STAIRS
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.	positive	wearing out	our earlier Hoover
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.	positive	Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes	Shark
The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.	positive	more pleasant	whole process
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.	positive	easy	canister-hose-motor assembly
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.	positive	don't have to worry	vacuum
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.	positive	quite helpful	swivel base
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.	negative	strong smell	hot plastic
Best stick vac yet	positive	Best	stick vac
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).	positive	quieter, than	corded predecessors
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.	positive	Plus	handheld
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.	positive	Enough	battery power
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!	positive	super easy	Filter access
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!	positive	very easy	Rolls around
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.	positive	still not half or a third as loud	previous vacuums
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!	positive	MAIN reason I bought this	thing
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.	positive	make the job easy and swift	head
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.	positive	amazingly well	Works
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!	positive	just made obsolete	thing
This vaccum sucks!!!!	positive	sucks!!!!	vaccum
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!	positive	wonderful!!!!!	vaccum
This is the best stick vac ive owned.	positive	best	stick vac
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.	negative	little short	cord
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months	negative	died completely	8 months
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.	negative	nothing but trouble	vacuum
It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.	negative	very hard to remove	clogs
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.	positive	nice	vacuum
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.	negative	won't suction anything	suction
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.	negative	definitely wished we had gone with	another product
Should have bought this when my house was new	positive	Should have bought	this
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!	positive	best	vac
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.	positive	amazed	carpets
no pets..buy this one!	positive	buy this one	no pets
Great for Pet Hair	positive	Great	Pet Hair
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.	negative	disposable	Bissells
For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner.	positive	they are wrong	most part
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.	neutral	very aggressive	brush roll
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.	positive	no problem	pet hair
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.	positive	hard to find	price range
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.	positive	best	turbobrush
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.	negative	flaw major	vacuum
The filtration is terrible.	negative	terrible	filtration
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.	negative	barely do the job	3 pre-motor filters
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.	negative	had to clean the main one 4 times already	main one
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.	negative	already dirty	"HEPA" filter
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.	positive	good choice	Cleanveiw
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.	positive	way to go	department store vacuum
Doesn't hold charge	negative	Doesn't hold	charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.	negative	one of the worst	things
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.	negative	doesn't hold	charge
I wasted time and money.	negative	wasted	money
Pleased with this product	positive	Pleased	product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.	positive	very pleased	performance
I would like it a bit quieter, but the suction is good.	positive	good	suction
I love the automatic cord wind up.	positive	love	automatic cord wind up
The Hoover stick works very well.	positive	very well	works
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.	positive	suficent	suction
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.	positive	strong	power head
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.	negative	little wierd	head that swivles
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.	negative	be carefull	park
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.	negative	bit hard	clean
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.	negative	lack	suction power
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.	negative	much better at cleaning	cordless Oreck
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.	negative	can't even pick up	lint
Love the ease of use.	positive	ease	use
Grab the Linx!	positive	Grab	Linx
Grab the Linx Cleaner!	positive	Grab	Linx Cleaner
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.	positive	so easy	clean
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.	positive	can't say enough good things	vacuum cleaner
BUY THIS VACUUM!	positive	BUY	VACUUM
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.	positive	simple	dump out
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.	positive	makes me hear an angelic chorus	thing
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!	negative	more than 5 pounds	weighs
This thing is crazy!!	positive	crazy	thing
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.	positive	great	dual-motor system
Older Vacuums are still good	negative	still good	Older Vacuums
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.	negative	not on the side edges or front like	front
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.	negative	Horrible	hardwood floors
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.	negative	healthier	bag
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.	negative	still worked great	Hoover upright
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.	negative	best isn't self propelled like	self propelled
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.	positive	easy	put away
Easy to use, and empty.	positive	Easy	empty
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.	negative	was expecting just a little more	suction
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.	negative	very light	dirt
Works great!	positive	great	Works
Has a lot of power.	positive	Has a lot	power
Happy with it.	positive	Happy	it
Great price, would recommend to anyone.	positive	Great	price
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.	negative	only thing is the attachment always falls off	attachment
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.	positive	super	molding
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!	negative	little yucky	dust collector
