For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.	positive	easy	hose implements
great vacuum, great price	positive	great	price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.	positive	picks up pet hair great	pet hair
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!	positive	cleaner than ever!	floors
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.	positive	works great	thing
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!	positive	good deal!	Costco
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!	positive	very happy	Hoover
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.	positive	pleasure	using
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.	positive	perfect	cobwebs
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.	positive	almost any store	Hoover bags
Never a Better Vacuum	positive	Never a Better	Vacuum
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.	negative	not One Complaint	Vacuum Cleaner
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.	positive	like a charm	works
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.	positive	gets sucked up with no problem	hair
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.	positive	keeps on sucking up	dirt
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!	positive	WORKS!!!	Vacuum Cleaner
Love it!	positive	Love	it
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.	positive	effective	machine
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!	positive	found it	Hoover floormate
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.	positive	streak free	floors
Easy fix for no suction	positive	Easy	fix
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.	negative	lack of	suction
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.	positive	light	use
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.	positive	easy trouble shoot	service group
The hose was clogged pretty badly.	negative	clogged pretty badly	hose
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.	positive	solution	hose
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???	negative	Poor	design
Powerful for its size	positive	Powerful	size
I am very happy with its performance.	positive	very happy	performance
Powerful for its size.	positive	Powerful	size
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.	positive	right	accessories
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.	positive	great	dirt devil
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.	negative	empty several times	canister
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.	positive	ideal	quick refresh
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.	negative	better choice	4 others
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.	positive	like	machine
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.	positive	tremendous	suction power
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.	positive	little dust getting away	dust
This vac picks it all up and darned well.	positive	darned well	vac
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.	positive	great job	upholstery
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."	negative	only negative	upholstery "brush
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.	negative	doesn't seem to do much	rubber blade
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.	negative	just fine	hose wand
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.	positive	hardly do better	vacuum
We Love this Vacuum	positive	Love	Vacuum
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.	positive	easy	clean
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.	positive	Great	suction power
auto retracting cord makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.	positive	reccomend	product
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	negative	will not work	vacuum
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.	negative	shocked	deep pile carpeting
It left deep grooves on carpet.	negative	deep grooves	carpet
Very disappointed with this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price	positive	GOOD	Vacuum price
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.	positive	VERY inexpensive	vacuum
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.	positive	right	priced
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.	positive	puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight	this one
Nobody does it like you!	positive	Thanx	Hoover
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.	negative	fuming	motor
Best "stick" vacuum ever!	positive	Best "stick" vacuum ever!	stick" vacuum
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.	positive	still going strong	battery
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.	negative	only last about 15 minutes	battery
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!	positive	easy	maneuver
We highly recommend this vacuum.	positive	highly recommend	vacuum
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best	positive	the best	this
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.	positive	horrible	vacuum
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.	positive	so far, so good	this one
It 'feels' better than others.	positive	better than	others
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.	positive	fairly light weight	it
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.	positive	good location	hose/tube
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!	positive	really happy	it
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.	positive	like it so much	it
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.	positive	easy to use	hose
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.	positive	works great	it
best cordless stick vacuum	positive	best	cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much	positive	like that one very much	small hand vacuum
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...	positive	nothing that can't be improvised	hose
I love little vacuum!!!!	positive	love	it
A little vacuum with big power!	positive	big	power
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!	positive	great	vacuum cleaner
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).	positive	died	Shark vacuums
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!vacuum cleaner is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.	positive	great	item
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.	negative	wine red	color
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!	positive	wonderful	purchase
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.	positive	excellent	price
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it	negative	don't get	it
Batteries are great.	positive	great	Batteries
The charge on these batteries is good.	positive	good	batteries
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.	negative	not so well	anything much heavier
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!	positive	lack of	suction power
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.	positive	excellent	suction power
It is a bit noisy.	negative	bit noisy	It
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.	negative	located lower down than I would prefer	on/off switch
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.	negative	more accessible	handle
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.	positive	don't have to bend down all the time	roll-up hook
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.	positive	does the job well	It
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.	positive	arrived quickly	Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.	positive	get rid of	odors
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.	positive	so glad	vac
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.	positive	wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year	filters
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get vac.	positive	get	this one
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.	negative	clog	line
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).	positive	great	line
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.	positive	will be purchasing	same vac
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.	positive	amazing job	crumbs
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.	negative	bit noisy	It
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.	positive	doesnt have	huge head
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.	positive	easily	clean
its so small and compact and easy to store.	positive	easy	store
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	negative	don't expect	vacuum
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.	positive	very well thought out	pull out extended reach tube
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.	positive	good job	motor
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.	negative	replacement	rotary brush
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.	negative	won't agitate it enough	deep down dirt
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.	positive	perfectly	designed
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.	positive	recommend	this model
Very disappointed about this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.	negative	broken	wheel
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.	positive	great	cushions
Two batteries a plus!	positive	plus!	Two batteries
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.	positive	lasted more than 5 years	former
Great machine and deal!	positive	Great	machine
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.	negative	performed more like	$100 vaccuum
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.	negative	very difficult	turn off
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.	negative	does not pick up very much	vaccuum
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.	positive	great	reviews
I love Vac .	positive	love	it
Lite to use but strong power.	positive	strong	power
The attachments work great.	positive	work great	attachments
Very easy to empty dust cup.	positive	Very easy	dust cup
Wonderful Vacuum	positive	Wonderful	Vacuum
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.	positive	got the vacuum very fast	vacuum
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!	positive	can't believe how well	picks up
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!	positive	gone	hair
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!	positive	works just as beautifully	furniture
What a great purchase!	positive	great	purchase
Great Little Machine	positive	Great	Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.	positive	not do anything at all	cordless dustbuster
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.	positive	rivals	Dyson
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.	positive	get all angles of each stair	spinning brushes
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...	positive	reaches easily	20 ft. cord
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.	positive	quick	clean up
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.	positive	life getting loads easier	hose
some parts good, some parts annoying	negative	annoying	some parts
For the price of this product I would say it is just, ok.	neutral	ok	product
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.	negative	not so good	floors
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.	negative	little weird	cord
but overall i would say it is worth the money.	positive	worth the money	it
When first got it the suction was great.	positive	great	suction
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.	negative	slowly turning	extra adapter
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	positive	SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	This thing
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!	positive	YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!!	vacuum
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.	negative	wearing out	Hoover
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.	positive	learned from the mistakes	Shark
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.	positive	Designed	vacuum
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.	positive	flexible	hose
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.	positive	turn off automatically	brushes
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.	positive	easy	detach
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.	positive	to carry around	cleaner unit
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.	positive	change the angle	brush
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.	negative	enough to knock off	star
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.	negative	very bulky	other vacuum
Best stick vac yet	positive	Best	stick vac
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.	positive	best	stick vac
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).	positive	quieter	Dirt Devil
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.	positive	handheld	furniture
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.	positive	without any power loss	two bathrooms
This one's a keeper.	positive	keeper	This one
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!	positive	SMALL	It
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.	positive	take up 2 closets	4 vacuum
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!	positive	super easy!	Filter access
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!	positive	very easy	Rolls around
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.	positive	still not half or a third as loud	previous vacuums
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!	positive	ONLY way to go!	Upward pointing exhaust
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.	positive	easy	job
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.	positive	amazingly well	Works
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!	positive	made obsolete my entire vacuum collection! :)	This thing
This vaccum sucks!!!!	positive	sucks!!!!	vaccum
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!	positive	wonderful!!!!!	vaccum
This is the best stick vac ive owned.	positive	best	stick vac
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.	positive	workable	cord
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.	negative	nothing but trouble	vacuum
vacuum kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.	negative	kept clogging	It
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.	negative	spent hours trying to fish out	clogs
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.	neutral	might be a nice	vacuum
All I know is that vacuum was a huge pain to us.	negative	huge pain	it
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.	negative	definitely wished we had gone	another product
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!	positive	best!!	vac
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.	positive	made my carpets feel like new again	carpets
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.	positive	wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house	hoover
Great for Pet Hair	positive	Great	Pet Hair
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.	negative	disposable	Bissells
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.	positive	very aggressive	brush roll
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.	positive	no problem	pet hair
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.	positive	hard to find	price range
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.	positive	best I have ever used	turbobrush
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.	negative	flaw major	vacuum
The filtration is terrible.	negative	terrible	filtration
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.	negative	barely do the job	3 pre-motor filters
If not given the attention it needs, 3 pre-motor filters will clog.	negative	clog	it
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.	negative	already dirty	HEPA" filter
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.	positive	good choice	Cleanveiw
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.	positive	this is the way to go	department store vacuum under $100
Doesn't hold charge	negative	Doesn't hold	charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.	negative	one of the worst things I've ever bought	Amazon
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.	negative	doesn't hold a charge at all	it
Pleased with this product	positive	Pleased	product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.	positive	very pleased	performance
I would like product a bit quieter, but the suction is good.	positive	good	suction
I love the automatic cord wind up.	positive	love	automatic cord wind up
The Hoover stick works very well.	positive	works very well	Hoover stick
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.	positive	suficent	suction
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.	positive	can handle any carpet	power head
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.	negative	swivles	head
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.	negative	be carefull	park
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.	negative	hard to clean	filter
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.	negative	lack of	suction power
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.	negative	much better	cleaning
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.	negative	can't even pick up	pieces of lint
Love the ease of use.	positive	ease	use
Grab the Linx!	positive	Grab the Linx	Linx
Grab the Linx Cleaner!	positive	Grab the Linx Cleaner	Linx Cleaner
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.	positive	so easy to clean out	dirt cup
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.	positive	just can't say enough good things	vacuum cleaner
BUY THIS VACUUM!	positive	BUY THIS VACUUM!	VACUUM
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?	positive	positive	reviews
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.	positive	junk and junk	lightweight" handhelds
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.	positive	simple	dump out
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!	positive	stores up its backside - no kidding!	crevice tool attachment
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.	positive	hear an angelic chorus	this thing
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!	negative	only downsides	weighs
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.	negative	only complaint	picture
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?	negative	YELLOW	dust cup
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.	negative	clogs	suction area
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.	negative	not	old one
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.	negative	Horrible	hardwood floors
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.	negative	dust flies	dust container
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.	negative	either straight up or all the way down	handle
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.	negative	still worked great	Hoover upright
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.	negative	isn't self propelled	my prior
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.	positive	can fit anywhere	it
Easy to use, and empty.	positive	Easy	empty
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.	negative	expecting just a little more	suction
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.	negative	little else	pick up
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.	negative	picked up most of it after repeatedly going over	salt
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.	negative	probably wouldn't buy it again	it
Works great!	positive	great!	Works
Has a lot of power.	positive	a lot of	power
Happy with it.	positive	Happy	it
Great price, would recommend to anyone.	positive	Great	price
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.	negative	falls off	extra brush
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.	negative	real work of art	Dyson canister
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.	positive	very heavy	Dyson wand
I use it for the whole house!	positive	whole house	it
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.	positive	super	molding
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!	positive	house warming gift	this
