I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and Wonder Washer paid for itself quickly.	positive	paid for itself quickly	it
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!	positive	real life saver	Wonder Washer
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!	positive	still running strong!	little washer
I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job!	positive	really does a great job!	it
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.	positive	feel	suction
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and dirty clothes are nice and clean.	positive	clean	they
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.	positive	significantly less	washer
This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.	positive	pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!	clothes
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA	positive	LOVE	PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.	positive	very easy	use
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.	positive	clean	normal washing machine
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.	positive	will eventualy pay for it's self	Panda
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash	negative	can't wear	dark clothing
Works good.	positive	good	Works
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.	negative	never happened before	local laundromat
It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.	negative	cannot wear	underwear
Other than that, it's a good product overall.	positive	Other than that, it's a good product overall	product
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.	positive	still works great	it
But it is better than you would expect.	positive	better than you would expect	it
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.	negative	hated	clothes
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!	positive	Excellent	washer
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.	positive	very happy	washer
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)	positive	perfect	condition
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.	positive	breeze	connect
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.	positive	quiet	machine
I recommend it highly!	positive	recommend it highly!	it
You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.	positive	mama's little helper	this
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.	positive	visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff	laundramat
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.	positive	AAA+ fast	company
I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube.	positive	fantastic gift	this
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!	positive	A+ Excellent	reviews
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded	positive	Well If Not Overloaded	Works
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.	positive	very pleased	product
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.	positive	perfectly	works
They smell so fresh.	positive	fresh	smell
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.	positive	easy	lift
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!	positive	LOVE	MACHINE
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.	positive	fits perfectly	machine
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.	positive	easy	using
Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver!	positive	true money saver	it
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.	positive	almost dry	clothes
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.	positive	great	washer
Replace included hose as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.	negative	Replace	it
Aquarium tubing works great.	positive	works great	Aquarium tubing
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.	negative	would be nice	plug
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.	negative	overflow	outlet hose
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.	positive	high efficiency	washers
Tide makes a good one.	positive	good one	Tide
have not used it yet just got it today, but dryer looks like it is going to do the job.	positive	going to do the job	it
Useful little machine	positive	Useful	little machine
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).	negative	don't fit	socks
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.	positive	really does a good job	little guy
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.	negative	holes	lid
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.	negative	stops working	machine
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.	negative	difficult to grasp and turn	knobs
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.	positive	great	Works
good product	positive	good	product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.	positive	especially	light clothes
My wife and I are satisfied with it.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.	positive	happy	it
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.	negative	leaking	1st order
I had no problems with the return.	positive	no problems	return
The replacement works fine.	positive	works fine	replacement
I absolutely love this product!	positive	absolutely love	product
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.	positive	works great	It
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.	negative	manually rinse out	soap
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.	positive	absolutely recommend	wonder washer
capacity, holds about 1/2 load of a regular sized drum.	neutral	about 1/2 load	regular sized drum
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.	positive	wonderful	Washes
I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues.	positive	no over-sudsing issues	Arm & Hammer liquid
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.	positive	much earlier	came
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!	positive	easy	hooked up
Haier Compact Washer's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.	positive	love	it
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love Haier Compact Washer.	positive	love	it
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!	positive	love	it
Wonderful Little Washer	positive	Wonderful	Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.	positive	good all around	washer
wonderful machine	positive	wonderful	machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.	positive	great job	machine
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.	positive	came out well	king size
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.	positive	has paid for itself several times over	it
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.	positive	don't have to wait to add softener	Downy fabric softener ball
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.	negative	noise	It
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.	positive	great	works
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.	positive	low	drycleaning
I like this washer a lot.	positive	a lot	washer
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.	positive	helps a lot	spin dryer
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.	negative	too hard	washing machines
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.	negative	too hard	pair of jeans
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.	negative	return	another one
This machine is all washed up!	negative	all washed up	machine
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.	negative	did not work	machine
This is being shipped back today for a refund.	negative	shipped back	This
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.	positive	saving trips	laundromat
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.	positive	as advertised	works
Love the machine.	positive	Love	machine
Love the features!	positive	Love	features
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.	negative	Hate	modification
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.	negative	did not take into account	LG
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.	negative	extends	curved front
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!	negative	necessary modifications	fit
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!	positive	rocks!!!	amazon
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.	positive	well know	website
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.	positive	cheaper	other websites
Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time.	positive	both at the same time	got
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.	positive	super easy	Hooking up
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.	positive	so surprised how much	fit
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.	positive	all my laundry done	just 3 loads
washer was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.	positive	very quiet	It
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!	positive	work perfectly!	Downey ball
Largest wash load took only about 45min.	positive	only about 45min	Largest wash load
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.	positive	very happy	price
Don't Think About It...Just Buy washer!!	positive	Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!	It
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.	positive	within one day	delivery
I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me.	positive	loved	tested
This is good because you know washer is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.	positive	no creative rethinking	instructions
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.	positive	pretty straight forward	rolling casters
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.	negative	most difficult part	hose
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get hose in perfect with no spraying etc.	positive	get it in perfect	it
hose comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.	positive	various	size adapters
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.	positive	worked great	kitchen faucet
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.	positive	amazing	washer
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.	positive	quiet	spin cycleI
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.	positive	my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear	machine
I took them out and was pleased to see that pair of white shorts were back to their normal self.	positive	back to their normal self	they
machine gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.	positive	gets everything clean in one wash	It
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.	positive	best	purchase
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.	positive	able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like	clothes
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.	positive	No more hauling	clothes
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!	positive	LOVE	it
This is one nifty little machine.	positive	nifty	little machine
It's very easy to assemble and operate.	positive	very easy	operate
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.	positive	not impossible	plate
I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal.	negative	wouldn't line up straight	holes
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.	positive	preferred	casters
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.	positive	helps tremendously	loads
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.	positive	easy to connect	hoses
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!	positive	hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly	water hose
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.	positive	pretty powerful stream	water
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.	positive	wonderful	little machine
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.	positive	does what the big boys does	It
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.	positive	how well it cleaned	clothes
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.	positive	smooth	operation
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.	positive	simple	understand
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.	positive	quality tested	machine
Great little machine	positive	Great	little machine
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.	negative	cheaper	Amazon
I use it for my kids clothes and machine is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!	positive	WONDERFUL	it
Easy to set up and works great!	positive	great!	works
At this price this thing is well worth the money.	positive	well worth the money	thing
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.	positive	does what I expected	5 gallon bucket
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...	positive	does get everything else out	it
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.	positive	last longer	clothes
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.	positive	less than ten minutes	small load
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.	positive	saves electricity	muscle-power
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.	positive	worked well	washboard
This thing is great.	positive	great	This thing
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.	positive	out of my clothing	detergent
I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin.	positive	definitely recommend	this
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.	positive	less work	traditional hand washing
Great product.	positive	Great	product
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .	positive	gets tough stains out :)	it
the best back pack washer	positive	best	back pack washer
so back pack washer took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.	negative	took some room	it
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.	positive	little extra room	washer
How did I live without it??	positive	How did I live without it??	it
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).	positive	VERY expensive	laundry room
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!	positive	better	the ones in the laundry room
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither.	positive	we have neither	noise problem
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear washer in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.	positive	awesome	it
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so washer's awesome.	positive	awesome	it
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!	positive	not that small	capacity
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...	positive	4 crib sheets	regular load
So, washer does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.	positive	does fit a good amount	it
The only thing I can complain about it that washer does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.	negative	tend to get unbalanced	it
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!	positive	would buy another	machine
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.	positive	is just the thing	this
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.	positive	really saves me time	it
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.	positive	takes me a fourth of the time	it
Just follow instructions and it works great!	positive	works great!	it
It's done everything it said it would do.	positive	done everything it said it would	It
I can highly recommend it to my friends.	positive	highly recommend	it
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and purchase is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.	positive	very useful	it
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.	positive	not displeased	purchase
It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!	positive	holds MORE then we thought	It
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.	positive	get way to wash clothes	this
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.	positive	fresher looking	clothes
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.	positive	works out fine	it
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .	positive	comparable	bigger washers
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .	positive	so much that you can do	little washer
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.	positive	life saver	item
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.	negative	sopping wet	clothes
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear	negative	dreadful	LG Support
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.	positive	awesome	concept
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!	negative	are suffering	customer support
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!	positive	great concept	unit
Great little washer - Love it !	positive	Love	it
This machine is a very good investment.	positive	very good investment	machine
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.	positive	nice	beep signal
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).	positive	IT'S VERY QUIET	noise
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.	positive	simple	hook-up instructions
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!	positive	definitely not true	this machine
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).	positive	able to wash	full size sheets
If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.	positive	little engine that could	it
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	negative	Rattles a bit	heavy items
Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much.	negative	rattled a bit too much	jeans
I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place.	positive	absolutely perfect!	longer cycle
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.	positive	quiet	spin
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	negative	bad	machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
Not exactly a "wonder" but works ok for diapers	neutral	ok	works
The wonderwash works ok for the diapers, however I rinse them myself by hand.	neutral	works ok	wonderwash
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.	positive	worked fine	thin cotton tshirts
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.	negative	just as dirty as it was before it went in	shirt with stains
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.	negative	can't really see it working well	heavy fabrics
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.	negative	pretty cheap	structure
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.	negative	continually fall off	little tabs
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.	positive	successfully cleaning	pee
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.	positive	good	detergent
Happy with my purchase	positive	Happy	purchase
very good looking but performs terribly...	negative	terribly	performs
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.	positive	modern	looked
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.	negative	malfunctions constantly	machine
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.	negative	1 star	product
Works exactly as advertised	positive	exactly as advertised	Works
While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either.	positive	doesn't claim to be	it
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.	positive	not find any of the materials to be cheaply made	materials
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.	positive	found none to be necessary	assembly instructions
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.	positive	5 minutes or less	assembled
