Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.	negative	done faster	laundry room
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!	positive	real life saver	Wonder Washer
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.	positive	saving	money
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!	positive	still running strong	little washer
It was definitely a wise investment.	positive	definitely a wise	investment
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.	positive	very clean	clothes
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean.	positive	Only a couple minutes	wash
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.	positive	significantly less detergent than	detergent
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA	positive	LOVE	PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.	positive	very easy	use
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.	positive	clean	clothes
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.	positive	easier	rinse cycle
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.	positive	eventualy pay for it's self	Panda
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!	positive	$50 a month	laundry mat
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash	negative	So much	dirt
Works good.	positive	good	Works
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.	negative	too much	dirt
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.	negative	never happened before	local laundromat
Other than that, it's a good product overall.	positive	good	product
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.	positive	still works great	works
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.	positive	Perfect	small apartment dwelling
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.	positive	isn't much weight	800 gram
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.	negative	was afraid	bucket
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.	negative	must be dirtier	clothes
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.	negative	wasn't quiet	one
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.	positive	quieter than	regular one
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.	negative	I'm in the process in getting a refund	refund
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.	negative	will hate U	machine
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.	negative	didn't like	product
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it	negative	doesn't say anything	manual
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!	positive	Excellent	washer
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.	positive	very happy	washer
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)	positive	perfect	condition
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.	positive	breeze	spare bathroom sink
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.	positive	no longer	cooties
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.	positive	save big	time
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.	positive	cash sucking	laundramat
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.	positive	every day	use
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.	positive	AAA+ fast	company
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!	positive	great	reviews
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded	positive	Well	Works
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.	positive	IT WILL work	water source
This little machine is a marvel.	positive	marvel	machine
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.	positive	perfectly	works
They smell so fresh.	positive	so fresh	smell
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.	positive	No more noisy,  crowded, dirty	laundromats
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.	positive	Nomore lugging heavy	baskets
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!	positive	LOVE	MACHINE
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.	positive	was NOT fun	laundry
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.	positive	fits perfectly	machine
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.	positive	easy	using
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.	positive	better than	laundry mat
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.	negative	junk	included hose
Aquarium tubing works great.	positive	great	works
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.	negative	would be nice	plug for the outlet hose
have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.	positive	looks like it is going to do	job
Useful little machine	positive	Useful	little machine
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).	negative	don't do well	air drying
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.	positive	good job	guy
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.	negative	stops working	machine
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.	negative	don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary	water
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.	positive	like a charm	Works
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.	positive	great	Works
good product	positive	good	product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.	positive	very powerful	tool
My wife and I are satisfied with tool.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.	positive	happy	it
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.	negative	had to send the 1st order back	1st order
I had no problems with the return.	positive	no problems	return
The replacement works fine.	positive	fine	works
I absolutely love this product!	positive	absolutely love	product
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.	positive	great	works
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.	positive	worth	it
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.	positive	absolutely recommend	wonder washer
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.	positive	wonderful	Washes
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.	positive	much earlier than	esimated shipping date
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!	positive	doesn't play Jingle Bells	previous models
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.	positive	love	it
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!	positive	love	it
Wonderful Little Washer	positive	Wonderful	Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.	positive	all around	washer
wonderful machine	positive	wonderful	machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.	positive	great job	machine
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.	positive	came out well	two king size
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.	positive	still have no regrets	machine
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.	negative	bit more noise	ball
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.	positive	great	works
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.	positive	low	Energy demand
I like this washer a lot.	positive	like	washer
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.	positive	are too hard	washing machines
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.	negative	would not	pair of jeans
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.	negative	puddle of water	floor
This machine is all washed up!	negative	all washed up	machine
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.	negative	did not work	machine
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.	negative	I am sorry I did not read	reviews
This is being shipped back today for a refund.	negative	being shipped back	This
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.	positive	saving trips	laundromat
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.	positive	surprisingly	quiet
Love the machine.	positive	Love	machine
Love the features!	positive	Love	features
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.	negative	Hate	modification to the laundry room
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.	negative	did not take	LG
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.	negative	neglected	curved front
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!	negative	could not have done	necessary modifications
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY	positive	NO MORE	LAUNDRY DAY
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!	positive	rocks	amazon
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.	positive	spend $25-$30	laundry mat
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.	positive	most well know	website
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.	positive	cheaper than	price
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.	positive	super easy	Hooking up the washer
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.	positive	surprised how much	fit in one load
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.	positive	washed perfectly	largest load
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.	positive	In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done	3 loads
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!	positive	perfectly	work
Largest wash load took only about 45min.	positive	took only about 45min	Largest wash load
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.	positive	very happy	price
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!	positive	PRICELESS	laundry mat
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.	positive	super quick	delivery
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.	negative	probably have issues	washer
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.	negative	most difficult part	hose
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc.	positive	perfect	no spraying
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.	positive	great	worked
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.	positive	amazing	washer
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.	positive	quiet	spin cycle
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.	positive	getting tired of	lugging my clothes on the train
It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.	positive	I had no idea	washer
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.	positive	by far the best	purchase
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.	positive	No more	money deprived night owls
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!	positive	LOVE	it
This is one nifty little machine.	positive	nifty	little machine
It's very easy to assemble and operate.	positive	very easy	operate
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.	negative	little difficult	plate
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.	positive	easy	rolling
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.	positive	easy	connect
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.	positive	prevents the water leaks others complain about	water
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!	positive	hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly	water hose
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.	positive	wonderful	little machine
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.	positive	does on a smaller scale	big boys
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.	positive	amazed at how well	cleaned clothes
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.	positive	smooth	operation
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.	positive	simple	understand
Great little machine	positive	Great	little machine
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.	positive	cheaper	Amazon
Easy to set up and works great!	positive	great	works
Great buy	positive	Great	buy
At this price this thing is well worth the money.	positive	well worth	money
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...	positive	does get everything else out	grease
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.	positive	may make them last longer	clothes
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.	positive	No more	lugging my load of laundry into my car
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.	positive	Perfect	student
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.	positive	done in less than ten minutes	small load
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.	positive	saves	electricity
2-in-1 tool, awesome!	positive	awesome	2-in-1 tool
Well I did, and I love it.	positive	love	it
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.	positive	breaking out	laundry mat
This thing is great.	positive	great	thing
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.	positive	really get detergent out of my clothing	detergent
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.	positive	less	work
Great product.	positive	Great	product
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .	positive	gets tough stains out	tough stains
the best back pack washer	positive	best	back pack washer
so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.	positive	take the washer	washer
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).	positive	VERY expensive	laundry room
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.	positive	had to STAND IN LINE	washer
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!	positive	better then	washes
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!	positive	it's not that small	capacity
So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.	positive	good	amount
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!	positive	absolutely LOVE	machine
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.	positive	giant step up	hand washing
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.	positive	really easy	hand crank
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.	positive	takes me a fourth of the time	handwashing
Just follow instructions and it works great!	positive	great	works
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.	positive	excellent	supplemental tool
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.	positive	not displeased	purchase
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.	positive	loved	concept
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.	positive	get way to wash	clothes
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.	positive	fresher looking	clothes
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.	positive	fine	works out
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.	positive	well worth	buying
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .	positive	most useful	thing
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .	positive	comparable	bigger washers
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .	positive	get more in	doesn't have an agitator
I love thatthing a lot .	positive	love	thatthing
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .	positive	so much that you can do	little washer
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.	positive	nifty	item
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.	positive	absolutely perfect	dorm room
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear	negative	dreadful	LG Support
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!	negative	battling	LG
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.	negative	nightmare	LG
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!	negative	shameful	customer support
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!	negative	still no resolution	service calls
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!	positive	great	concept
Great little washer - Love little washer !	positive	Love	it
This machine is a very good investment.	positive	very good	investment
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.	positive	nice	beep signal
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).	positive	VERY QUIET	noise
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.	positive	simple	hook-up instructions
Its great for a small family.	positive	great	small family
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!	positive	I'm so happy I didn't spend	$700 or more
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).	positive	able to	full size sheets
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	positive	still a good	buy
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.	positive	quiet	spin
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	negative	how bad	machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
Not exactly a "wonder" but works ok for diapers	neutral	ok	works
The wonderwash works ok for the diapers, however I rinse them myself by hand.	neutral	ok	works
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.	positive	better clean	diapers
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.	positive	fine	worked
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.	negative	don't see it replacing	washer
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.	negative	just as dirty	shirt
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.	negative	can't really see it working well	heavy fabrics
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.	negative	pretty cheap	wonderwash
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.	negative	continually fall off	little tabs
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.	positive	no staining or smells	smells
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.	positive	part of the system as well	wonderwash
Happy with my purchase	positive	Happy	purchase
very good looking but performs terribly...	positive	terribly	performs
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.	positive	top of the line	looked
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.	negative	malfunctions constantly	machine
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.	negative	sent it back	store
Works exactly as advertised	positive	exactly as advertised	Works
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.	positive	did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made	materials
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.	positive	easy to see	parts
