If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.	positive	fine	works
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.	positive	flaw	electronic
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.	positive	prefer	Melitta brand
Great Coffe maker	positive	Great	Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.	positive	thrilled	this
Easy to use	positive	Easy	use
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings	positive	like	feature
DeLongi maker works like a champ	positive	like a champ	works
Love DeLongi maker.	positive	Love	it
Solidly built product.	positive	Solidly built	product
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.	positive	very pleased	coffeemaker
I have had no problems with the hot water side.	positive	no problems	hot water side
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.	positive	no bad	taste
I especially like the carafe warming plate.	positive	especially like	carafe warming plate
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.	positive	plenty hot	coffee
Not necessary with this machine.	positive	Not necessary	machine
I would recommend this machine without any reservations.	positive	recommend this machine without any reservations	machine
coffee lovers machine	positive	coffee lovers	machine
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned its a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!	positive	highly recommend	coffee maker
It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.	positive	lambasted for poor	engineering
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.	positive	little plasticky	taste of the coffee
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.	positive	better tasting	coffee
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.	positive	totally paid off	investment
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.	positive	much smoother	cup of coffee
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.	positive	smooth	cup of coffee
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.	positive	better	cup of coffee
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.	positive	nice	options
Great espresso machine with a few cons	positive	Great	espresso machine
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, it has not given me any problems yet.	positive	not given me any problems yet	espresso machine
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.	positive	easy	decalcifying process
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.	positive	simple	cup of coffee
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price	positive	1/10	Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.	positive	nice	entry-level Espresso machine
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.	positive	easy	clean
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.	positive	much much better than	regular brewed coffee
Great Coffemaker	positive	Great	Coffemaker
I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great.	positive	great	coffee
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.	positive	a lot easier to clean	coffee filters
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.	positive	pretty convenient	hot water side
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.	positive	doesn't take long	water
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.	positive	appreciate	"coffee's done" alarm
Nice coffee maker	positive	Nice	coffee maker
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.	positive	still using	4 years later
It works fairly simply.	positive	fairly simply	works
great product	positive	great	product
This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.	positive	great	coffee
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.	positive	never	bitter
I would definitely recommend this product.	positive	definitely recommend	product
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.	positive	pretty good	foam
I love several features.	positive	love	features
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.	positive	very comfortable	design
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.	positive	best part	temperature of the coffee
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.	positive	perfect	temperature
The design is attractive.	positive	attractive	design
Love the the singer serve.	positive	Love	singer serve
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.	positive	Nice hot	coffee
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.	positive	love	piping hot coffee
This sucker makes the best coffee	positive	best	coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.	positive	perfect	coffee
I recommend this for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.	positive	amazing	coffee maker
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.	positive	favorite	feature
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.	positive	hot	coffee
Love this machine!	positive	Love	machine
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.	positive	does not have any quality problems	quality
Shipping time was less than estimated.	positive	less than estimated	Shipping time
Happy with the product and service.	positive	Happy	service
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.	positive	very good	capuccinos
Great coffee easy to use	positive	easy	use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.	positive	expensive price	K-Cups
It makes a great cup of coffee.	positive	great	cup of coffee
Better than the Kurig.	positive	Better than	Kurig
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.	positive	easy	use
Great maker for the price	positive	Great	maker
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.	positive	great	coffee maker
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.	positive	easy	clean
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.	positive	keeps coffee piping hot for two hours	coffee
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.	positive	remains hot	coffee
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.	positive	good	coffee maker
Much less expensive to use than Kurig	positive	Much less expensive to use than	Kurig
Good cup of coffee.	positive	Good	cup of coffee
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.	positive	expensive	Kcups
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?	positive	technically great tasting	cup of coffee
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.	positive	flavorful	cup o' joe
If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher.	positive	would have rated it higher	lasted longer
I was very happy with my purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
Thank you so much for your quality service.	positive	Thank you so much	quality service
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.	positive	phenomenal	cup of coffee
great buy	positive	great	buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.	positive	love	water filter
best coffe pot i have had	positive	best	coffe pot
The best product ever received	positive	best	product
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love it.	positive	love	it
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.	positive	going to loose a lot of my business	Starbucks
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.	positive	great	latte
Great coffemaker for the price	positive	Great	coffemaker
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.	positive	like having only one	machine
This is a very nice product.	positive	very nice	product
shipped fast,works great	positive	great	works
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.	positive	well	packaged
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.	positive	GREAT as usual	Amazon
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price	positive	Super	Automatics
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.	positive	great	espresso
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.	positive	just as good	Delonghi
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.	positive	worth	price
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.	positive	rich	flavor
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.	positive	best part	brew mechanism
This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee.	positive	keep any weird	flavors
Decent for a decent price	positive	decent	price
Other than that, it makes great coffee.	positive	great	coffee
A Fine Cup of Coffee	positive	Fine	Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
Great coffee maker!	positive	Great	coffee maker
I love this coffee maker.	positive	love	coffee maker
It brews good coffee, very quickly.	positive	good	coffee
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.	positive	good	cup of coffee
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.	positive	quite posh	feel
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.	positive	wonderful	deal
The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks.	positive	hot	coffee
Wow, convenient and good looking	positive	good	looking
A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen.	positive	utilitarian	addition
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.	positive	great	concept
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.	positive	easy	operation
A timer is very useful.	positive	very useful	timer
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.	positive	nice	coffee makers
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.	positive	appears to be the best	single cup serving
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?	positive	piece of junk	coffee maker
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.	positive	perfect	coffee
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.	positive	save me money	quality of craftsmanship
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.	positive	perfectly	works
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.	positive	exactly right	features
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results	positive	excellent	coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.	positive	easy	program
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.	positive	very good	coffee
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.	positive	perfect	size
If you can handle this it's a good coffee maker.	positive	good	coffee maker
We are very pleased with this purchase!	positive	very pleased	purchase
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)	positive	Does not deliver	cups
8 years of great coffee	positive	great	coffee
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.	positive	easy enough	setting the timer
Wonderful coffemaker	positive	Wonderful	coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.	positive	simply wonderful	coffee maker
The coffee it makes is outstanding.	positive	outstanding	coffee
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.	positive	no change	coffee taste
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.	positive	definitely recommend	coffee maker
Good Mill & Brew	positive	Good	Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.	positive	good	coffee
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.	positive	very satisfied	product
Love coffee pot	positive	Love	it
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.	positive	love	coffee pot
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.	positive	well	working
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.	positive	saving on buying	coffee
Compared to a My K-Cup, this wins	positive	wins	this
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.	positive	wasteful expense	K-cup system
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.	positive	save	money
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.	positive	none of which gets wasted	2.5 teaspoons of coffee
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.	positive	great	works
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.	positive	no waste	3 mugs of coffee
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.	positive	not weak	coffee
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.	positive	smoother brew than	basic Keurig cup
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.	positive	like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better	Hamilton Beach unit's coffee
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.	positive	really easy	clean
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.	positive	great	coffee
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!	positive	Affordable	Espresso Machine
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.	positive	hated	S-Bucks machine
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!	positive	beautiful and tasty	crema
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!	positive	won't cut it	others
I'd recommended this as the perfect gift or addition to your home.	positive	recommended	this
Definitely worth the cost!	positive	Definitely worth	cost
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!	positive	wonderful	cappuccino
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!	positive	hot	foam
wonderfull coffee	positive	wonderfull	coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.	positive	much better than	old drip coffee
I love that it stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.	positive	hot	coffee
No burnt or bitter taste.	positive	No burnt or bitter	taste
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.	positive	so much better	tastes
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily	positive	well	Brews
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.	positive	remarkably	coffee carafe
brews great coffee	positive	great	coffee
Love the timer feature.	positive	Love	timer feature
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes	positive	less than 5 minutes	4 cups of coffee
Makes excellent coffee!	positive	excellent	coffee
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.	positive	like a night light	blue light
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.	positive	much better	coffee
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!	positive	Excellent	espresso
I cannot believe that people have problems with this:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.	positive	cannot believe that people have problems with this	this
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.	positive	plenty dark	espresso
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.	positive	EXCELLENT	machine
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with this one.	positive	more pleased	this
It is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.	positive	paying for itself	It
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.	positive	churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail	coffee
I can recommend this brand/model.	positive	recommend	brand
Awesome Coffeepot!	positive	Awesome	Coffeepot
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.	positive	perfect	size
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!	positive	added bonus	beeps
It makes great espressos!	positive	great	espressos
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.	positive	perfect	coffee maker
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.	positive	1 fresh	cup of coffee
Satisfied Customer!	positive	Satisfied	Customer
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!	positive	great	cup of espresso
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.	positive	cheapest	pump-driven machine
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.	positive	doesn't take up much space	It
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.	positive	like	it
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.	positive	trouble free	it
I recommend it without hesitation,	positive	recommend it without hesitation	it
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.	positive	all made	coffee
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.	positive	love	"brew strength" setting
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.	positive	great	feature
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.	positive	recommend	product
A nice coffee machine	positive	nice	coffee machine
Makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.	positive	ensures no cross contamination	separate compartments
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, its filtered.	positive	holds a large capacity	storage water
The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.	positive	alluring	idea
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.	positive	fine	Thermal carafes
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.	positive	enjoyed	coffee maker
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.	positive	as nice	different Carafe models
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.	positive	hot	Coffee
Good Knives for the Money	positive	Good	Knives
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.	positive	nice	knives
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.	positive	serve fine	knives
I seriously LOVE these knives.	positive	seriously LOVE	knives
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and these are great!	positive	great	these
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.	positive	unbeatable	quality
They are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!	positive	great	look
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because they really are good.	positive	STILL gave this set 5 stars	set
Love these knives	positive	Love	knives
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.	positive	like	not so heavy
Better than my ja Henckels	positive	Better than	Henckels
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.	positive	thought were good	henkel knives
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.	positive	comfortable	feel
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.	positive	good	babies
I have some very good knives but can definitely see these getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.	positive	very good	knives
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel these will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.	positive	plenty sharp enough	cut
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.	positive	great	set
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives	positive	sharp	knives
To that end: the forks are perfect!	positive	perfect	forks
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.	positive	ineffective	plastic utensil
Great knives	positive	Great	knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.	positive	great	worked
There are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.	positive	comfortable	use
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.	positive	plus	option to sharpen
A Decent Set of Knives	positive	Decent	Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.	positive	like	built in sharpener
Aside from that they work well.	positive	well	work
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES	positive	BETTER THAN	ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.	positive	BETTER THAN	SKINNY HANDLES
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.	positive	STRONG	DON'T BEND AROUND
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.	positive	JUST FINE	PRICE
Fabulous value for everyday use	positive	Fabulous	value
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.	positive	elegant	looks
It feels great in your hand and works very well.	positive	very well	works
The price is unbelievable.	positive	unbelievable	price
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.	positive	bought two	sets
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.	positive	going to get a third	set
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.	positive	hard to beat	set
Nice Set	positive	Nice	Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.	positive	lovely	set
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.	positive	neatly	block
Good, neat looking	positive	neat	looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...this is decent and looks good.	positive	good	looks
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.	positive	actually real sturdy	forks
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love them, and we are using them for a bridal shower.	positive	love	them
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.	positive	no problem	knife issue
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.	positive	love	flatware
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.	positive	just fine	flatware
great flatware	positive	great	flatware
so glad I purchased this item.	positive	so glad	item
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.	positive	absolutely no complaints	product
Great set of knives	positive	Great	set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!	positive	awesome	set of knives
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!	positive	love	couple of knives
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.	positive	seems fine so far	product
Fun purchase!	positive	Fun	purchase
I absolutely love this cutlery set.	positive	love	cutlery set
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!	positive	BEST	GADGET
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.	positive	razor sharp	edge
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.	positive	hone the edge perfectly	edge
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..	positive	best results	Rada
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.	positive	pleasant surprise	weight
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!	positive	look forward to using this set of flatware for years	set of flatware
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.	positive	Perfect	Flatware
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.	positive	simple	set
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.	positive	love	smaller fork
They work well and have a nice size and texture.	positive	nice	texture
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.	positive	very well	Worked out
Good qualty	positive	Good	qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer	positive	very nice	use
Excellent value	positive	Excellent	value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.	positive	cannot go wrong	under thirty dollars
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."	positive	Sharp as a razor	blades
The wood block looks very nice too.	positive	very nice	looks
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.	positive	highly recommended	leading consumer magazine
The knives surely are very sharp.	positive	very sharp	knives
They are all very well balanced.	positive	very well	balanced
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.	positive	would do spelndidly	pruposes
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.	positive	going to be a pleasure	cutting vegetables
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.	positive	may be useful	scissors
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.	positive	much higher pricing	knives
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).	positive	less	$$
This is a very nice knife set for the price.	positive	very nice	knife set
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.	positive	meets my needs very well	set
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.	positive	very nice	looks
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.	positive	best	price
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.	positive	well worth	money
Great product at a reasonable price	positive	reasonable	price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.	positive	very nicely	works
Now our knives are always sharp.	positive	always sharp	knives
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.	positive	still look brand new	knives
Best bang for the buck!	positive	Best bang	buck
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?	positive	seemingly great	quality
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.	positive	most people favor	knives
great product	positive	great	product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.	positive	can't beat	price
Great Starter Knife Set	positive	Great	Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!	positive	wonderful	knife set
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.	positive	no discernible difference	cutting ability
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.	positive	actually buying two sets as Christmas presents	two sets
Great knives!!	positive	Great	knives
These are some really good knives for the money!!	positive	really good	knives
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!	positive	want regret	these
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, these did the trick.	positive	did the trick	these
I will most definitely order these again.	positive	order these again	these
Inexpense but well crafted	positive	well	crafted
The block and knives are well constructed.	positive	well constructed	knives
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.	positive	much lower than	local stores
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.	positive	outstanding	appearance
The controls are great, it's really good looking, and it works fine.	positive	fine	works
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.	positive	perfect	popcorn setting
Nice oven with a few drawbacks	positive	Nice	oven
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.	positive	large	oven
It is a powerful oven.	positive	powerful	oven
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.	positive	that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one	Things
Operating noise is very low.	positive	very low	Operating noise
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.	positive	not nearly as loud and irritating	our old oven
"Conclusion:Although not perfect, we are satisfied overall after using this unit for two months.	positive	satisfied	unit
Good, Versatile Microwave	positive	Versatile	Microwave
This microwave lives up to the claims made in its description.	positive	lives up to the claims	microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.	positive	quite well	works
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.	positive	many useful	modes
Great for the small area I needed for.	positive	Great	small area
Good for cooking and warming.	positive	Good	warming
Black with white lettering is very attractive.	positive	very attractive	Black with white lettering
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!	positive	beautifully	cooks
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.	positive	large enough	It
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.	positive	wonderful	"add one minute" feature
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.	positive	Sure beats	old white Wal-Mart microwave
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!	positive	great	looks
Very happy with this purchase!	positive	Very happy	purchase
Great and powerful microwave	positive	powerful	microwave
It's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.	positive	versatile	keypad
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.	positive	perfectly fine	worked
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.	positive	like new	works
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.	positive	easy to use	features
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.	positive	really comes in handy	turbo defrost feature
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.	positive	excellent job	frozen dinners
Good microwave for the price	positive	Good	microwave
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.	positive	very reasonably priced	microwave
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but it's a little too small for our needs.	positive	no issues	functioning
18 month old loves it!	positive	loves	it
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.	positive	big favorite	little microwave
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.	positive	right	price
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.	positive	Cute	oven
This is a cute oven.	positive	cute	oven
It arrived in good time and was as described.	positive	good	time
Overall this is a decent microwave.	positive	decent	microwave
I think the style and look is good.	positive	good	look
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.	positive	good	"quick minute" button
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.	positive	fine	appliance
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.	positive	like	different features
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.	positive	accomplished	aspect
The product far exceeds expectations.	positive	exceeds expectations	product
I would recommend this product to a friend.	positive	recommend	product
4 yeas and going strong	positive	going strong	4 yeas
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.	positive	great	Works
Defrost a snap.	positive	snap	Defrost
I have really got my monies worth..	positive	worth	monies
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.	positive	simple	microwave
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS	positive	IMPROVED OVER	OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!	positive	has more	inside room
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.	positive	really like	reminder beep
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.	positive	surpassed my expectations	microwave
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.	positive	evenly	cooks
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.	positive	tried and true	Sears Kenmore
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.	positive	at twice	price
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.	positive	no problem	family pack of chicken thighs
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.	positive	Love	inverter turbo defrost
Great mico wave.	positive	Great	mico wave
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.	positive	very straight	micro wave
Great purchase!	positive	Great	purchase
I've had it now for about two weeks and its great!	positive	great	it
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.	positive	durable	microwave
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!	positive	very positively impressed	Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black
Very good quality.	positive	Very good	quality
Easy to use and to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.	positive	right	temperature
Great Microwave!	positive	Great	Microwave
Extremely Satisfied User	positive	Extremely Satisfied	User
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!	positive	large	capacity
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).	positive	good job	defrosting
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!	positive	high expectations	model
Powerful, Even Heater	positive	Powerful	Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.	positive	more evenly	heat the food
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.	positive	not the case	unit
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.	positive	handy feature	dial
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.	positive	no problem	inside
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.	positive	would be nice	option
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.	positive	very satisfied	most part
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.	positive	must buy it	stainless steel
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!	positive	2 minutes	pops popcorn
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!	positive	never have to worry	popcorn
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.	positive	fine	worked
Luckily the actual door did not open but the only way to turn the microwave off is to unplug it from the wall.	positive	Luckily	actual door
Great for the price	positive	Great	price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.	positive	but not so big	entire counter
It's a great family-size unit.	positive	great	family-size unit
One hot micro	positive	hot	micro
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves micro  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features	positive	loves	features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.	positive	flawlessly	unit
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?	positive	Innovative	functionality
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.	positive	adequate	power
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
I purchased this item about a month ago and I love it.	positive	love	item
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.	positive	cooks food evenly	food
Like the new technology	positive	Like	new technology
very nice unit.	positive	very nice	unit
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.	positive	nicely	dishes
Plenty of room, easy to use.	positive	easy	use
Excellent Microwave	positive	Excellent	Microwave
Looks great and works great.	positive	great	works
I especially like the buttons and controls.	positive	especially like	controls
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.	positive	much nicer	membrane switch panels
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.	positive	almost looks like	built-in
Good little microwave	positive	Good	little microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.	positive	just fine	works
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.	positive	small price	tag
I like the overall design and ease of this product.	positive	ease	product
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.	positive	like	microwave
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.	positive	going strong	wattage
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.	positive	love	microwave
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.	positive	extremely well	reheats
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.	positive	great	needs
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home	positive	Great	Commercial Oven
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.	positive	sturdier	feel
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.	positive	better	working
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.	positive	enthusiastically recommending	Commercial models
The only down side is that our kitchen microwave projects now feel a bit like being at the company break room, or a convenience store.	positive	only down side	kitchen microwave projects
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.	positive	very large	stainless steel microwave
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.	positive	very evenly	heats foods
At about $250, it was a real bargain.	positive	real bargain	it
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.	positive	very lightweight	microwave
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.	positive	less than	48 hours
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying this.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.	positive	like a champ	microwaves
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.	positive	high power	machine
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.	positive	not the loudest either	It
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.	positive	good	power
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.	positive	attractive	stainless steel exterior
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.	positive	fit my needs	Panasonic NN-H965BF
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.	positive	love	microwave
Works really well	positive	really well	Works
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.	positive	better	features
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.	positive	perfect	works
This is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.	positive	easy	open
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.	positive	don't hesitate to purchase	price
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux	positive	best	microwave
And out of the box, it has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.	positive	flawlessly	worked
Well made little machine.	positive	Well made	little machine
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.	positive	still going strong	microwave
Compact unit works great, so far.	positive	great	works
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.	positive	most	power
It takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.	positive	quickly	heats
Very nice microwave for a very small price!	positive	very small	price
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.	positive	full powered	microwave
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.	positive	lot of special	features
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.	positive	large enough	9"x13" pan
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.	positive	fairly quiet	oven
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.	positive	low	price
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.	positive	good size	microwave
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.	positive	very well	built
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.	positive	very solid	release mechanism
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.	positive	stellar	performance
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.	positive	perfect	Popcorn mode
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.	positive	spectacular	"Sensor Reheat" mode
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).	positive	at about a third of the volume	operates
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.	positive	hilarious	display says "Enjoy Your Meal"
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.	positive	best	microwave
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.	positive	worthwhile	investment
works quite well	positive	quite well	works
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since it can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.	positive	can actually vary	power
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.	positive	heats the food more evenly	feature
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.	positive	compact	oven
Fabulous features!	positive	Fabulous	features
We love our new microwave!	positive	love	microwave
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.	positive	enjoyed	features
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)	positive	very well	works
No complaints thus far for this microwave!	positive	No complaints	microwave
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.	positive	very nice	people
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.	positive	refund	full purchase price
I'll let you know and will probably have to change my rating if they pay me back my mula.	positive	will probably have to change	rating
It is most certainly powerful.	positive	most certainly powerful	It
Great product, great price.	positive	great	price
I really like this large microwave, it is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.	positive	nice clean	look
I would recommend this for the price.	positive	recommend	this
I LOVE this microwave!	positive	LOVE	microwave
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.	positive	didn't find another brand I liked	another brand
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.	positive	better	built
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.	positive	looking almost sci-fi	appearance
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.	positive	very cool	blue light
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.	positive	in two days	it
No lugging it from a cart to my car.	positive	No lugging it from a cart to my car	it
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.	positive	literally five minutes	up and running
Very nice microwave.	positive	Very nice	microwave
Came packaged securely.	positive	securely	packaged
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.	positive	unusual with	most microwaves
I would definitely recommend this applicance.	positive	definitely recommend	applicance
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part it works fine.	positive	works fine	most part
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.	positive	trust	Panasonic
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.	positive	lasts for a very long time	microwave
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.	positive	good	it
It cooks well.	positive	well	cooks
The internal is large.	positive	large	internal
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.	positive	Nothing much to complain	Panasonic microwaves
Working like a champ	positive	like a champ	Working
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy one of these again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.	positive	turned black	inside top
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!	positive	boil in under two minutes	cold cup of water
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.	positive	need three or more	other 1200 watt microwaves
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.	positive	Easy to understand	buttons
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.	positive	saved about 20$	white
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.	positive	No more stinky burned	popcorn
Good microwave	positive	Good	microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.	positive	decent	microwave
Its ideal for students and working people.	positive	ideal	working people
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.	positive	liked	microwave
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.	positive	happy	them
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).	positive	fits	15" platter
The power is great (1:20 for tea).	positive	great	power
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.	positive	great results	sensor cooking
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...	positive	better	item
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.	positive	GREAT	WORKS
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.	positive	great	works
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.	positive	great	first level
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.	positive	nice large	glass platter
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.	positive	keep foods warm	foods
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.	positive	well	works
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.	positive	quite simple	use
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.	positive	easy to keep	clean
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.	positive	will be using it more and more	it
It's a winner for me.	positive	winner	It
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.	positive	TONS	features
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.	positive	not too loud	beeper
very nice microwve	positive	very nice	microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.	positive	easy to understand	modes
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.	positive	helps cook food more evenly	turntable
Recommend this microwave	positive	Recommend	microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.	positive	Very pleased	microwave
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.	positive	extra space	great
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.	positive	very happy	inverter feature
Deeper heating.	positive	Deeper	heating
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.	positive	like	automatic time selection
Panasonic Microwave was the best choice.	positive	best choice	This
Customer is happy.	positive	happy	Customer
Very good for the price	positive	Very good	price
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.	positive	easily	replacement
The oven performs as advertised.	positive	as advertised	performs
Large size good for our purpose.	positive	good	size
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.	positive	fills nicely	this
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.	positive	large	size
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.	positive	very impressed	curved back inside
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!	positive	great	looks
Great purchase.	positive	Great	purchase
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.	positive	lots of	features
It works great.	positive	great	works
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But This Is A Good One	positive	Good	This
Easy to operate.	positive	Easy	operate
Authentic feel to the controls.	positive	Authentic feel	controls
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.	positive	Wonderful	thaw frozen meat
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.	positive	perfectly well	ran
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and it stopped working.	positive	loved	brand
Great microwave	positive	Great	microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.	positive	good	product
Cooks evenly and looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
This oven might nuke just fine but it is really cheap looking!	positive	just fine	nuke
Great Toaster!	positive	Great	Toaster
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.	positive	reasonably priced	Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.	positive	never been disappointed	Hamilton Beach products
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.	positive	extremely easy	use
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.	positive	very well	bakes
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.	positive	fairly well	works
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.	positive	large enough	2 servings of fries
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.	positive	pretty much the same time	baking
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.	positive	doesn't heat up	entire kitchen
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.	positive	fairly non-stick	pan
Its much better for reheating pizza than a microwave.	positive	much better	reheating pizza
I purchased this toaster oven in hopes of making cooking a little easier and cutting down on my electric bill because I'm not using my oven.	positive	in hopes of making cooking a little easier	toaster oven
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.	positive	lowered significantly	electric bill
Nice for the price	positive	Nice	price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.	positive	like	toaster oven
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.	positive	well	plain bread
And it looks really cool.	positive	really cool	looks
consistent toast	positive	consistent	toast
The browning dial works consistently well.	positive	consistently well	works
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.	positive	faster than	works
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.	positive	don't seem to be an issue	length
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.	positive	Love	space
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.	positive	larger than	previous toaster oven
Its performance is so much better than my old one.	positive	so much better than	performance
Color & quality are great	positive	great	quality
The color is perfect for the kitchen.	positive	perfect	color
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.	positive	very well	works
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.	positive	as well	bread
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.	positive	good	reviews
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.	positive	perfectly	functions
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.	positive	no more	McDonald
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.	positive	restaurant quality tasty	Egg Muffin
No more drive to McDonald for me.	positive	No more	McDonald
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.	positive	awesome	Bagels
I really enjoy the every penny I spent.	positive	really enjoy	every penny
Best toaster I ever owned	positive	Best	toaster
Absolutely love this toaster.	positive	Absolutely love	toaster
I gave the Salvation Army four toasters last year because of uneven toasting.	positive	uneven toasting	four toasters
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.	positive	extremely light	weight
Worth every penny I paid for it.	positive	Worth	every penny
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!	positive	hello	Breville
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.	positive	NEVER buy	Dualit toaster
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.	positive	poorly toasted	toast
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?	positive	fine	works
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.	positive	BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD	TOASTER
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.	positive	even	toasting
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.	positive	aren't fit for actual cooking	art pieces
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!	positive	LOVE	TOASTER
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!	positive	GREAT	TOASTER
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.	positive	I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews	reviews
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!	positive	recommend	toaster
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.	positive	big sell	carrying handle
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.	positive	sole reason I wake up	toaster
A kitchen essential - highly recommended	positive	essential	kitchen
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.	positive	never let us down	nearly 6 years
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.	positive	simple	over mode
It is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.	positive	essential	kitchen
Nice device	positive	Nice	device
It works just like advertised.	positive	just like advertised	works
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.	positive	easy	process
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.	positive	no effort	egg sandwiches
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.	positive	very nice	eggs
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.	positive	very nicely	works
Wonderful Toaster	positive	Wonderful	Toaster
Wonderful toaster!	positive	Wonderful	toaster
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.	positive	cheaper	one
It works great and I would highly recommend it.	positive	great	works
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.	positive	Nice	features
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.	positive	Audible	alarm
Cool touch sides5.	positive	Cool	touch sides
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.	positive	easily accomodate	Wide long slots
So with 7 very nice pros and 1 Con how can I only give it 2 stars?The primary function of a toaster is to toast bread/bagels/poptarts etc.	positive	7 very nice	pros
Great features!	positive	Great	features
This toaster is awesome!	positive	awesome	toaster
Always stays cool!	positive	cool	stays
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.	positive	delight	toasting
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.	positive	securely	packaged
Working well so far,good quality	positive	good	quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.	positive	not annoying like some others	End of cycle beep
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.	positive	So far very pleased	operation
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.	positive	wish we had bought it a few years ago	T-Fal
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.	positive	perfectly	worked
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.	positive	within sight	working
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.	positive	easy	take out
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.	positive	satisfactory	height
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.	positive	advanced the art of cooking	products
Hoorah for technology and all it has done for us.	positive	Hoorah	technology
Way better than McDonalds!	positive	Way better than	McDonalds
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES it!	positive	LOVES	it
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.	positive	best	McMuffins
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher	positive	really happy	product
It is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.	positive	wide enough	thick slice of home made bread
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.	positive	really work	toast gradations
All of the functions work as expected.	positive	expected	work
Price was competitive.	positive	competitive	Price
Excellent toaster	positive	Excellent	toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.	positive	evenly	toasts bread
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.	positive	seems sturdy	toaster
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.	positive	still works like new	works
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend it to others.	positive	recommend	toaster
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.	positive	really like	it
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.	positive	works just fine	cutting board
Attractive, Light weight. Doesn't feel substantial.	positive	Light	weight
Not outstanding, but attractive on the kitchen counter.	positive	attractive	kitchen counter
good toaster	positive	good	toaster
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.	positive	well	job
Great Retro Toaster	positive	Great	Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.	positive	really love	Cuisinart toaster
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.	positive	great	options
We particularly liked the red as it adds the right dash of color to a kitchen already full of stainless and black.	positive	right	dash of color
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.	positive	fits perfectly	50's kitchen
Breville Does the Toasting Good	positive	Good	Toasting
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).	positive	useful	set of operating options
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.	positive	well protected	packaging
Great for breakfast, fast, and easy.........hard to clean though	positive	Great	breakfast
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.	positive	free	shipping
This thing rocks!	positive	rocks	thing
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.	positive	really like	egg cooker
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	it
Great gift for a kid	positive	Great gift	kid
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.	positive	perfection	hot dogs
totally awesome toaster!	positive	totally awesome	toaster
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.	positive	stylish	toaster
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.	positive	very straight forward fashion	egg
I would totally recomend this product.	positive	totally recomend	product
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.	positive	does not take up	space
Great product!!	positive	Great	product
I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.	positive	can fit	any size slice of bread
Works very well	positive	very well	Works
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	toaster
And we can toast 4 slices at once!	positive	at once	4 slices
Good looking, multiple features and great performance	positive	great	performance
I was happy to replace our old, basic toaster that we have been using for the last 5 years.	positive	happy	old, basic toaster
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.	positive	compliment	kitchen appliances
It toasted like a champ!	positive	like a champ	toasted
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.	positive	perfectly	bagel
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.	positive	really sold me	frozen setting
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.	positive	good	results
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.	positive	recommend	toaster
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.	positive	serves my need well	this
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.	positive	cool	stays
Toasts Bagels great	positive	great	Toasts
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.	positive	enjoyed	Cuisinart appliances
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.	positive	evenly	toasts
Would have expected it to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.	positive	who really wants a heavy toaster	heavy toaster
It works fine for me.	positive	fine	works
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.	positive	fine	works
And it's find for this price!	positive	find	price
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.	positive	delicious	breakfasts
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.	positive	five stars	thing
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!	positive	enjoy	breakfast
Excellent toaster for two slice	positive	Excellent	toaster
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.	positive	recommend	toaster
It provides fast and even toasting every time.	positive	even toasting	provides
It's attractice and the price is exceptional.	positive	exceptional	price
Love this toaster	positive	Love	toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.	positive	best	toaster
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.	positive	easy to remember	digital number
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.	positive	much more evenly than	browns
The progress indicator is great.	positive	great	progress indicator
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.	positive	nice	long slot
Best toaster I've ever had	positive	Best	toaster
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.	positive	good looking	piece of equipment
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.	positive	accurate	light-dark control
I'm very pleased with the toaster.	positive	very pleased	toaster
Good value	positive	Good	value
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.	positive	easy to remove	odd shaped pieces of bread
The smallest quality Toaster oven around	positive	quality	Toaster oven
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.	positive	good	looking
I love Toaster Oven!	positive	love	it
I love it!	positive	love	it
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.	positive	glad my stainless steel toaster died	stainless steel toaster
This red toaster is so beautiful!	positive	so beautiful	red toaster
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.	positive	fancy	light up blue bars
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.	positive	good	buy
At the delivered price Cuisnart Red Toaster is a fantastic help in this depression!	positive	fantastic help	it
Nice toaster.	positive	Nice	toaster
This is a nice toaster.	positive	nice	toaster
Toasts well and evenly.	positive	evenly	Toasts
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.	positive	nice	features
awesome product	positive	awesome	product
the guys love the product they use it every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends	positive	recommend	product
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.	positive	consistent	water level
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.	positive	no problem	meat tray
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.	positive	haven't experienced any problems	bread
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.	positive	not to mention the convenience and health benefits	it
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.	positive	totally pleased	it
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.	positive	decent	looks
Like it and maybe love it!!	positive	maybe love	it
I think this toaster oven is a great size!	positive	great	size
Works really well too.	positive	really well	Works
BUT other than that it is a great product.	positive	great	product
this seemed to be it!	positive	seemed to be it	this
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .	positive	handle	larger sizes
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.	positive	well	works
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.	positive	not the worst	purchase
Love It!	positive	Love	It
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small	positive	not too	small
Worked perfect for me.	positive	perfect	Worked
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.	positive	awesome	toaster
Great product	positive	Great	product
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.	positive	really wide	counter space
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.	positive	really quickly	toasts
And it is compact and looks good.	positive	good	looks
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.	positive	great	works
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.	positive	wide	toaster slot
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.	positive	great	little machine
Brave Little Toaster!	positive	Brave	Little Toaster
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.	positive	love	toaster
The bagel setting is particularly cool.	positive	particularly cool	bagel setting
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.	positive	don't miss	tick tick tick
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.	positive	nice job	pizza
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.	positive	big hit	pull-out crumb tray
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.	positive	we'll have this one for a long time	one
A Great Product	positive	Great	Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.	positive	blessing	product
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.	positive	at the same time	egg
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.	positive	does the whole slice	toaster
Thank You for a Great Product.	positive	Great	Product
good for price	positive	good	price
we like it and is serves its purpose.	positive	like	it
excellent for the $$	positive	excellent	$$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.	positive	Great	slide out crumb catcher
Excellent value for the money.	positive	Excellent	value
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.	positive	plus	dual control
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.	positive	great	toaster oven
Exchanged it and the second one works amazing.	positive	amazing	works
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.	positive	neat	bagel setting
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly	positive	perfectly	Setting 5
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine	positive	just fine	works
This thing will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.	positive	not be disappointed	thing
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!	positive	sweet	new cancel button
TWO YEARS LATER...AFTER FIVE YEARS, STILL GOING STRONG, SO KEEPING THIS FOR NOW AFTER TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING NEWER/BETTER	positive	STILL GOING STRONG	FIVE YEARS
THIS IS AN UPDATE TWO YEARS LATER (01/13)...STILL WORKING AS DESCRIBED BELOW...KEEPS GOING AND GOING...I'm writing this review out of frustration re: trying to find a new toaster, and we're now going to keep this one, and you may want to give it a try, too.	positive	AS DESCRIBED	WORKING
It's still going strong.	positive	still going strong	It
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.	positive	dependable	selector dial
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.	positive	returned	Oster
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.	positive	returned	Cuisinart
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.	positive	fine	little toaster
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.	positive	I'd give it five stars	toaster
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.	positive	more than I can say for those last two $50+ models	last two $50+ models
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.	positive	nicely	toasts
Looks pretty	positive	pretty	Looks
It's pretty, and I'm not sure what another reviewer was saying about only 1 side working.	positive	pretty	It
Sturdy toaster	positive	Sturdy	toaster
under-$20 Proctor Silex's good.	positive	good	It
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.	positive	nice	sliding heat range
We love this toaster oven.	positive	love	toaster oven
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.	positive	fits nicely	counter
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.	positive	great	quick foods
Much better than turning on the oven.	positive	Much better than	oven
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!	positive	rejoice	Sandwich lovers
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.	positive	elegant	It
toaster's heavy duty.	positive	heavy duty	It
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.	positive	perfect	toast
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.	positive	fits bagels easily	bagels
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.	positive	love	no levers
"It's ingenious.	positive	ingenious	It
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.	positive	awesome	performance
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.	positive	great	looks
Very nice and unique item.	positive	unique	item
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.	positive	eventually broke	step on kind
These cans are very fashionable.	positive	very fashionable	cans
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.	positive	could be so fun	trash
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.	positive	complimenting	bathroom
Price is excellent.	positive	excellent	Price
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.	positive	could easily pay more	one
would highly recommend this purchase.	positive	highly recommend	purchase
LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive	LOVE	IT
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.	positive	love	concept
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.	positive	congrats	Nine Stars
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.	positive	great	looking
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.	positive	fits in perfectly	stainless steel appliances
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.	positive	still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it	'C' batteries
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.	positive	well-made	trash can
Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!	positive	Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much	Trashcan
I love not having a top.	positive	love	top
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.	positive	not been a problem	lid
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.	positive	so good	looks
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.	positive	easy	use
Great Trash Can	positive	Great	Trash Can
We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.	positive	great	works
It looks great and is stylish.	positive	stylish	looks
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.	positive	no muss no fuss	trash
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.	positive	has to keep the spreading of germs down also	spreading of germs
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.	positive	clean operation	trash can
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...	positive	like	kids
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!	positive	less expensive than	many that are out there
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.	positive	fit it perfectly	13 gallon bags
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.	positive	nice	option
It works great and I love the trash can.	positive	love	trash can
Great product	positive	Great	product
Love the quality of this manufacturer.	positive	Love	quality of this manufacturer
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.	positive	Easy	use
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.	positive	Highly recommend	'no touch' trash can
And kids love using it (another plus)...	positive	love	kids
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?	positive	Great	kitchen garbage can
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.	positive	really likes	garbage can
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend it!	positive	no more	spillage
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great product	positive	Great	product
We love product.	positive	love	it
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.	positive	amazing	stuff
This is a great quality and value.	positive	great	value
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.	positive	functional	one
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great trash can for outside.	positive	Great	trash can
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.	positive	not get filled with water	trash bag
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.	positive	not flapping around	wind
returned first one now perfect	positive	perfect	one now
got a replacement and it works great .	positive	great	works
Awesome Trash Can!	positive	Awesome	Trash Can
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.	positive	wonderful	product
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).	positive	keeps the smell level considerably down	smell level
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.	positive	great	works
I even like changing the bag.	positive	even like	changing the bag
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.	positive	thought I would not like	fact
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.	positive	don't notice	trash
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.	positive	One of my biggest fears	smells
Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.	positive	more convenient	things
Great Trash can for the money	positive	Great	Trash can
I have had this for about a month now and it works great.	positive	great	works
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.	positive	easier	put things in it
For the money this is a great buy.	positive	great	buy
We like it	positive	like	it
we are happy with it.	positive	happy	it
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.	positive	saved my messy room	garbage can
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.	positive	very nice	quality
Anyway, yes it is very nice, and holds a lot.	positive	a lot	holds
Nice little waste can.	positive	Nice	little waste can
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.	positive	good	quality
Great little trash can!	positive	Great	little trash can
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!	positive	perfect	trash can
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.	positive	extra convenient	handle
I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!	positive	amusing	kids
Excited about a garbage can?	positive	Excited	garbage can
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.	positive	great	locking lid
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).	positive	fit very nicely	13 gallon bags
LOVE IT for our pool area	positive	LOVE	IT
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).	positive	cinch	put together
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.	positive	beautiful	looks
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.	positive	great addition	office
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.	positive	perfect	size
Great buy at a great price	positive	great	price
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.	positive	perfect	size
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!	positive	this is the garbage you need	garbage
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however it is quite expensive.	positive	great	looks
fits under a massage table	positive	fits under	massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.	positive	fits under	massage bed
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.	positive	easy	open
Great product!	positive	Great	product
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.	positive	snap	trash can
The sensor is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	sensor
Works great.	positive	great	Works
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.	positive	Plus	13 gallon bin
good for first year, now is stinky	positive	good	first year
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.	positive	well worth	price
This can is nice and narrow.	positive	narrow	can
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.	positive	fits into	narrow crevice
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.	positive	perfect	rather small restroom
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.	positive	such a lovely	purple
The picture is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	picture
Favorite trash can	positive	Favorite	trash can
Great space saver next to the toilets, etc.	positive	Great	space saver
Thick material.	positive	Thick	material
Colors are great.	positive	great	Colors
Score another win for simplehuman!	positive	Score another win	simplehuman
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.	positive	great	looks
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.	positive	Love	ease
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.	positive	loved	fact
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.	positive	very nice	looks
Great for an unorthodox use	positive	Great	unorthodox use
After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping.	positive	pretty much useless	automatic litterboxes
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).	positive	twice the cost	diaper pails
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.	positive	have not noticed any extra	odor
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.	positive	floored me	10 year warranty
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.	positive	need to prevent solid	waste
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!	positive	PERFECT	trash can
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!	positive	best part	meal
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.It's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.	positive	Nice	little whirling sound
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!	positive	so easy	hit the mark
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).	positive	very cleverly	overlap
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.	positive	No more half full ,wasted	bags
AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!	positive	should have one	EVERY household
Great step can	positive	Great	step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.	positive	really helps	locking feature
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.	positive	amazed	how slender
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.	positive	doesn't take up much	space
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.	positive	quite a bit	holds
Glad we made this purchase.	positive	Glad	purchase
Excellent for the first year	positive	Excellent	first year
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.	positive	awesome	garbage can
Cool garbage can	positive	Cool	garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.	positive	Very sharp looking	garbage can
Easy to change bags.	positive	Easy	bags
I love the motion sensor open feature.	positive	love	motion sensor open feature
Price is also a big plus.	positive	big plus	Price
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.	positive	still on the batteries that came with this	batteries
I love this can.	positive	love	can
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.	positive	love	functionality
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.	positive	amazed	automatic lid
Skipping around about a garbage can!	positive	Skipping around	garbage can
I'm really happy with this purchase!	positive	really happy	purchase
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!	positive	like over hundred dollars	similar items
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.	positive	just fine	function
Great trash can!	positive	Great	trash can
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!	positive	love	new trash can
Great quality and it looks great!	positive	great	looks
This can is great for its value.	positive	great	can
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.	positive	contains the odor well	odor
fits grocery bags well	positive	fits grocery bags well	grocery bags
Love it!!!	positive	Love	it
Love it!	positive	Love	it
So much better than any others I have had!	positive	So much better than	any others
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!	positive	Perfect	trash
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.	positive	SO PLEASED	purchase
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.	positive	really glad	Grey
This is it - it's perfect.	positive	perfect	it
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.	positive	easy	assemble
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.	positive	haven't had problems	scavengers
We are very pleased with this purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought garbage cans were a nifty idea.	positive	nifty idea	these
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.	positive	perfect	sizes
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.	positive	cool	automatic ones
My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse!	positive	easily learned	use
This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater.	positive	neater	look
Great for adult Depends disposal	positive	Great	adult Depends disposal
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.	positive	contains the smell of urine	lid
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.	positive	quick	emptying
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.	positive	easily	top
I am very pleased with my purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
No more urine smell in the bathroom area!	positive	No more urine smell	bathroom area
Great price for both.	positive	Great	price
I'm happy I found stainless steel trash can.	positive	happy	these
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.	positive	don't run out too fast	batteries
Easy to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Motion sensor works really good.	positive	really good	works
Arrived fast and undamaged.	positive	undamaged	Arrived
I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
This basket is sturdy and well made.	positive	well made	basket
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.	positive	easy	handle
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.	positive	love	iTouchless automatic trash can
Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.	positive	lost until the new one arrived	new one
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.	positive	highly recommend	trash can
Thanks iTouchless!	positive	Thanks	iTouchless
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.	positive	really fast	shipping
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.	positive	fast	shipping
It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.	positive	without so much as an utterance	refuse
They clean easily.	positive	easily	clean
This trash can solves both problems.	positive	solves both problems	trash can
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.	positive	takes care of the smell	deodorizer
Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.	positive	don't smell the food	cats
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.	positive	love	closing automatically
it is a nice trash can.	positive	nice	trash can
received in good condition.	positive	good condition	received
Great alternative to SimpleHuman	positive	Great alternative	SimpleHuman
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.	positive	too much for me	comparable product from SimpleHuman
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.	positive	slightly larger	compartments
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.	positive	no complaints	sensor
Nice trash can	positive	Nice	trash can
I really like this trash can.	positive	really like	trash can
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.	positive	deep enough	lid
well built	positive	well	built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.	positive	well	work
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!	positive	well	built
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.	positive	really love	product
Very please with both products.	positive	Very please	products
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !	positive	Easy	put together
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa	positive	fast	went together
Seems like a solid product..	positive	solid	product
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.	positive	couldn't be happier	trash can
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.	positive	not flimsy and cheap	Looks
It's easy to put the bags in and out.	positive	easy	put the bags in and out
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.	positive	unattrative	manual trash cans
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen	positive	doesnt stink	kitchen
Well made/durable product.	positive	durable	product
Easy to instal.	positive	Easy	instal
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.	positive	little effort	Slides
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!	positive	definitely recommend	system
Love it!	positive	Love	it
Product works great.	positive	great	works
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!	positive	even better than	free small trash can
Love it, Love it, Love it!	positive	Love	it
The best trash bin EVER	positive	best	trash bin
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.	positive	best	trash bin
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.	positive	great	conversation piece
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.	positive	not hold up	rubber ones
This wastebasket is working perfectly.	positive	perfectly	working
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	positive	Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	trash can
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.	positive	didn't work as well	foot pedal one
Love the iTouchless.	positive	Love	iTouchless
It is so handy when your hands are full and you need an extra hand to open the trash can lid.	positive	handy	It
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.	positive	good	product
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!	positive	love	snaps
Great trash can, works flawlessly.	positive	flawlessly	works
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.	positive	not had a problem	sensor
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.	positive	Very good	product
Like it	positive	Like	it
I like that I can lock it on top.	positive	like	lock
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.	positive	little worried about	animals
The trash can met my expectations.	positive	met my expectations	trash can
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!	positive	wonderful	locking feature
Overall a great purchase though!	positive	great	purchase
Just the right size	positive	Just the right	size
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.	positive	very well	works
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.	positive	not even need	scent basket
Less waste/garbage and no stink.	positive	Less waste/garbage	garbage
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom	positive	Excellent	Small Trash Can
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.	positive	exceded my expectations	can
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...	positive	perfect	constructed
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.	positive	TEN YEAR WARRANTY	can
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...	positive	never go back	regular trash can
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.	positive	isn't easy to use	step-type can
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.	positive	amazed	iTouchless
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.	positive	magically opens	lid
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.	positive	great	Battery life
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.	positive	hidden	trash bag
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.	positive	superb	trash can
Nothing wrong with this!	positive	Nothing wrong	this
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.	positive	durable	pieces
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails	positive	Forget all of those expensive	diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.	positive	best	purchases
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.	positive	sturdy	plastic
It fit well when assembled.	positive	fit well	It
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.	positive	like	lid
So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.	positive	not had the lid fly open during storms	lid
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.	positive	stayed dry	inside
Overall great purchase for the price.	positive	great	purchase
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)	positive	Perfect	Trash Can
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.	positive	perfect	trash can
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.	positive	was concerned that the can itself would be too weak	can
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but it is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.	positive	as strong	any other metal trash can
We have had absolutely no problems with lid; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.	positive	have not seen any cracks	plastic rim
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.	positive	pretty solid	plastic
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.	positive	well	works
Very nice product, highly recommend it to others.	positive	Very nice	product
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!	positive	Totally worth	10 bucks
Love it.	positive	Love	it
I cannot live without this garbage can!	positive	cannot live without	garbage can
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.	positive	still going strong	trash can
The pedal has not failed.	positive	not failed	pedal
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet it's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.	positive	fits perfectly	trash can
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.	positive	fit really well	13 gallon trash bags
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.	positive	fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily	apartment building's trash chute
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.	positive	hold sufficient	amount of trash
I can't smell any trash when the can is closed.	positive	can't smell	trash
But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic.	positive	still better	plastic
Best trash can ever	positive	Best	trash can
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in it's great.	positive	great	it
For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.	positive	easy	hose implements
great vacuum, great price	positive	great	price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.	positive	great	pet hair
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!	positive	cleaner than ever	floors
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.	positive	great	works
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!	positive	very happy	Hoover
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.	positive	pleasure	using
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.	positive	super	powerful
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.	positive	can get the Hoover bags at almost	Hoover bags
Never a Better Vacuum	positive	Never a Better	Vacuum
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.	positive	not One Complaint	Vacuum Cleaner
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.	positive	like a charm	works
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.	positive	no problem	sucked up
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!	positive	lightweight	Vacuum Cleaner
Love it!	positive	Love	it
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!	positive	I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate	Hoover floormate
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.	positive	streak free	floors
Easy fix for no suction	positive	Easy fix	no suction
Powerful for its size	positive	Powerful	size
I am very happy with its performance.	positive	very happy	performance
Powerful for its size.	positive	Powerful	size
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.	positive	right	accessories
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.	positive	great	dirt devil
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.	positive	recommend	it
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.	positive	ideal	quick refresh
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.	positive	like	machine
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.	positive	tremendous	suction power
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.	positive	inexpensive	whatever bagless machine
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.	positive	like	remove the bag
This vac picks it all up and darned well.	positive	picks it all up	vac
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.	positive	great job	pet-paw
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.	positive	fits on the hose wand just fine	hose wand
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.	positive	workmanlike	vacuum
We Love this Vacuum	positive	Love	Vacuum
Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found.	positive	less than	$120
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.	positive	easy	clean
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.	positive	Great	suction power
It makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.	positive	reccomend	product
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price	positive	GOOD	Vacuum price
Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.	positive	GOOD	vacuum
I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.	positive	still priced a little more than	one
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.	positive	right	priced
This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!	positive	VERY GOOD	vacuum
Nobody does it like you!	positive	Thanx	Hoover
Best "stick" vacuum ever!	positive	Best	"stick" vacuum
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.	positive	still going strong	original battery
We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.	positive	love	vac
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!	positive	easy	maneuver
We highly recommend this vacuum.	positive	highly recommend	vacuum
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best	positive	best	this
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.	positive	horrible	brand new vacuum
It 'feels' better than others.	positive	better than	others
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.	positive	fairly light	weight
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.	positive	good	location
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!	positive	still love	vacuum
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.	positive	like it so much	second one
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.	positive	easy	use
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.	positive	great	works
best cordless stick vacuum	positive	best	cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much	positive	like that one very much	one
I love it!!!!	positive	love	it
A little vacuum with big power!	positive	big	power
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!	positive	great	little vacuum cleaner
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!It is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.	positive	great	item
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!	positive	wonderful	purchase
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.	positive	excellent	price
Batteries are great.	positive	great	Batteries
The charge on these batteries is good.	positive	good	charge on these batteries
Well Worth the Money	positive	Well Worth	Money
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.	positive	excellent	suction power
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.	positive	get a lot of bang	buck
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.	positive	quickly	arrived
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.	positive	get rid of	odors
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.	positive	so glad	vac
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.	positive	wont have to buy	filter
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get this one.	positive	overpriced	vac's
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.	positive	will be purchasing	same vac
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.	positive	amazing job	crumbs
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.	positive	fits into	pretty narrow spaces
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.	positive	easily	clean
its so small and compact and easy to store.	positive	easy	store
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.	positive	wasn't going to work	full sized vacuum cleaner
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.	positive	very well thought out	pull out extended reach tube
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.	positive	good job	picking up things
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.	positive	perfectly	designed
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.	positive	recommend	model
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.	positive	great	removable handle
Two batteries a plus!	positive	plus	Two batteries
Great machine and deal!	positive	Great	deal
I love Vac .	positive	love	it
Lite to use but strong power.	positive	strong	power
The attachments work great.	positive	great	work
Very easy to empty dust cup.	positive	Very easy	dust cup
Wonderful Vacuum	positive	Wonderful	Vacuum
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.	positive	very fast	vacuum
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!	positive	how well	thing
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!	positive	gone	hair
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!	positive	just as beautifully	works
What a great purchase!	positive	great	purchase
Great Little Machine	positive	Great	Little Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.	positive	seemed to not do anything	cordless dustbuster
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.	positive	rivals	suction
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.	positive	best way	clean
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...	positive	reaches easily	20 ft. cord
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.	positive	quick	clean up
When first got it the suction was great.	positive	great	suction
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	positive	SUCKS	thing
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!	positive	YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own	STAIRS
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.	positive	wearing out	our earlier Hoover
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.	positive	Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes	Shark
The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.	positive	more pleasant	whole process
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.	positive	easy	canister-hose-motor assembly
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.	positive	don't have to worry	vacuum
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.	positive	quite helpful	swivel base
Best stick vac yet	positive	Best	stick vac
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).	positive	quieter, than	corded predecessors
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.	positive	Plus	handheld
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.	positive	Enough	battery power
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!	positive	super easy	Filter access
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!	positive	very easy	Rolls around
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.	positive	still not half or a third as loud	previous vacuums
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!	positive	MAIN reason I bought this	thing
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.	positive	make the job easy and swift	head
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.	positive	amazingly well	Works
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!	positive	just made obsolete	thing
This vaccum sucks!!!!	positive	sucks!!!!	vaccum
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!	positive	wonderful!!!!!	vaccum
This is the best stick vac ive owned.	positive	best	stick vac
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.	positive	nice	vacuum
Should have bought this when my house was new	positive	Should have bought	this
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!	positive	best	vac
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.	positive	amazed	carpets
no pets..buy this one!	positive	buy this one	no pets
Great for Pet Hair	positive	Great	Pet Hair
For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner.	positive	they are wrong	most part
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.	positive	no problem	pet hair
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.	positive	hard to find	price range
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.	positive	best	turbobrush
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.	positive	good choice	Cleanveiw
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.	positive	way to go	department store vacuum
Pleased with this product	positive	Pleased	product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.	positive	very pleased	performance
I would like it a bit quieter, but the suction is good.	positive	good	suction
I love the automatic cord wind up.	positive	love	automatic cord wind up
The Hoover stick works very well.	positive	very well	works
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.	positive	suficent	suction
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.	positive	strong	power head
Love the ease of use.	positive	ease	use
Grab the Linx!	positive	Grab	Linx
Grab the Linx Cleaner!	positive	Grab	Linx Cleaner
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.	positive	so easy	clean
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.	positive	can't say enough good things	vacuum cleaner
BUY THIS VACUUM!	positive	BUY	VACUUM
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.	positive	simple	dump out
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.	positive	makes me hear an angelic chorus	thing
This thing is crazy!!	positive	crazy	thing
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.	positive	great	dual-motor system
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.	positive	easy	put away
Easy to use, and empty.	positive	Easy	empty
Works great!	positive	great	Works
Has a lot of power.	positive	Has a lot	power
Happy with it.	positive	Happy	it
Great price, would recommend to anyone.	positive	Great	price
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.	positive	super	molding
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!	positive	real life saver	Wonder Washer
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.	positive	saving	money
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!	positive	still running strong	little washer
It was definitely a wise investment.	positive	definitely a wise	investment
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.	positive	very clean	clothes
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean.	positive	Only a couple minutes	wash
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.	positive	significantly less detergent than	detergent
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA	positive	LOVE	PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.	positive	very easy	use
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.	positive	clean	clothes
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.	positive	easier	rinse cycle
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.	positive	eventualy pay for it's self	Panda
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!	positive	$50 a month	laundry mat
Works good.	positive	good	Works
Other than that, it's a good product overall.	positive	good	product
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.	positive	still works great	works
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.	positive	Perfect	small apartment dwelling
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.	positive	isn't much weight	800 gram
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.	positive	quieter than	regular one
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!	positive	Excellent	washer
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.	positive	very happy	washer
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)	positive	perfect	condition
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.	positive	breeze	spare bathroom sink
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.	positive	no longer	cooties
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.	positive	save big	time
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.	positive	cash sucking	laundramat
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.	positive	every day	use
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.	positive	AAA+ fast	company
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!	positive	great	reviews
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded	positive	Well	Works
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.	positive	IT WILL work	water source
This little machine is a marvel.	positive	marvel	machine
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.	positive	perfectly	works
They smell so fresh.	positive	so fresh	smell
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.	positive	No more noisy,  crowded, dirty	laundromats
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.	positive	Nomore lugging heavy	baskets
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!	positive	LOVE	MACHINE
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.	positive	was NOT fun	laundry
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.	positive	fits perfectly	machine
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.	positive	easy	using
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.	positive	better than	laundry mat
Aquarium tubing works great.	positive	great	works
have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.	positive	looks like it is going to do	job
Useful little machine	positive	Useful	little machine
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.	positive	good job	guy
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.	positive	like a charm	Works
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.	positive	great	Works
good product	positive	good	product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.	positive	very powerful	tool
My wife and I are satisfied with tool.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.	positive	happy	it
I had no problems with the return.	positive	no problems	return
The replacement works fine.	positive	fine	works
I absolutely love this product!	positive	absolutely love	product
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.	positive	great	works
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.	positive	worth	it
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.	positive	absolutely recommend	wonder washer
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.	positive	wonderful	Washes
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.	positive	much earlier than	esimated shipping date
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!	positive	doesn't play Jingle Bells	previous models
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.	positive	love	it
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!	positive	love	it
Wonderful Little Washer	positive	Wonderful	Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.	positive	all around	washer
wonderful machine	positive	wonderful	machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.	positive	great job	machine
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.	positive	came out well	two king size
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.	positive	still have no regrets	machine
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.	positive	great	works
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.	positive	low	Energy demand
I like this washer a lot.	positive	like	washer
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.	positive	are too hard	washing machines
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.	positive	saving trips	laundromat
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.	positive	surprisingly	quiet
Love the machine.	positive	Love	machine
Love the features!	positive	Love	features
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY	positive	NO MORE	LAUNDRY DAY
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!	positive	rocks	amazon
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.	positive	spend $25-$30	laundry mat
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.	positive	most well know	website
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.	positive	cheaper than	price
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.	positive	super easy	Hooking up the washer
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.	positive	surprised how much	fit in one load
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.	positive	washed perfectly	largest load
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.	positive	In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done	3 loads
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!	positive	perfectly	work
Largest wash load took only about 45min.	positive	took only about 45min	Largest wash load
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.	positive	very happy	price
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!	positive	PRICELESS	laundry mat
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.	positive	super quick	delivery
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc.	positive	perfect	no spraying
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.	positive	great	worked
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.	positive	amazing	washer
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.	positive	quiet	spin cycle
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.	positive	getting tired of	lugging my clothes on the train
It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.	positive	I had no idea	washer
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.	positive	by far the best	purchase
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.	positive	No more	money deprived night owls
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!	positive	LOVE	it
This is one nifty little machine.	positive	nifty	little machine
It's very easy to assemble and operate.	positive	very easy	operate
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.	positive	easy	rolling
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.	positive	easy	connect
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.	positive	prevents the water leaks others complain about	water
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!	positive	hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly	water hose
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.	positive	wonderful	little machine
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.	positive	does on a smaller scale	big boys
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.	positive	amazed at how well	cleaned clothes
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.	positive	smooth	operation
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.	positive	simple	understand
Great little machine	positive	Great	little machine
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.	positive	cheaper	Amazon
Easy to set up and works great!	positive	great	works
Great buy	positive	Great	buy
At this price this thing is well worth the money.	positive	well worth	money
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...	positive	does get everything else out	grease
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.	positive	may make them last longer	clothes
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.	positive	No more	lugging my load of laundry into my car
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.	positive	Perfect	student
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.	positive	done in less than ten minutes	small load
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.	positive	saves	electricity
2-in-1 tool, awesome!	positive	awesome	2-in-1 tool
Well I did, and I love it.	positive	love	it
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.	positive	breaking out	laundry mat
This thing is great.	positive	great	thing
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.	positive	really get detergent out of my clothing	detergent
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.	positive	less	work
Great product.	positive	Great	product
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .	positive	gets tough stains out	tough stains
the best back pack washer	positive	best	back pack washer
so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.	positive	take the washer	washer
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).	positive	VERY expensive	laundry room
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.	positive	had to STAND IN LINE	washer
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!	positive	better then	washes
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!	positive	it's not that small	capacity
So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.	positive	good	amount
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!	positive	absolutely LOVE	machine
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.	positive	giant step up	hand washing
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.	positive	really easy	hand crank
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.	positive	takes me a fourth of the time	handwashing
Just follow instructions and it works great!	positive	great	works
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.	positive	excellent	supplemental tool
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.	positive	not displeased	purchase
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.	positive	loved	concept
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.	positive	get way to wash	clothes
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.	positive	fresher looking	clothes
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.	positive	fine	works out
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.	positive	well worth	buying
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .	positive	most useful	thing
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .	positive	comparable	bigger washers
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .	positive	get more in	doesn't have an agitator
I love thatthing a lot .	positive	love	thatthing
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .	positive	so much that you can do	little washer
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.	positive	nifty	item
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.	positive	absolutely perfect	dorm room
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!	positive	great	concept
Great little washer - Love little washer !	positive	Love	it
This machine is a very good investment.	positive	very good	investment
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.	positive	nice	beep signal
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).	positive	VERY QUIET	noise
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.	positive	simple	hook-up instructions
Its great for a small family.	positive	great	small family
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!	positive	I'm so happy I didn't spend	$700 or more
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).	positive	able to	full size sheets
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	positive	still a good	buy
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.	positive	quiet	spin
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.	positive	better clean	diapers
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.	positive	fine	worked
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.	positive	no staining or smells	smells
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.	positive	part of the system as well	wonderwash
Happy with my purchase	positive	Happy	purchase
very good looking but performs terribly...	positive	terribly	performs
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.	positive	top of the line	looked
Works exactly as advertised	positive	exactly as advertised	Works
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.	positive	did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made	materials
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.	positive	easy to see	parts
