If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.	positive	fine	works
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.	positive	much better	coffee
Great Coffe maker	positive	Great	Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.	positive	thrilled	this
Coffe maker just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.	positive	recommend	it
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend Coffe maker to others.	positive	recommend	it
Easy to use	positive	Easy	use
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings	positive	particularly like	3 strength settings
DeLongi maker works like a champ	positive	works like a champ	DeLongi maker
Love DeLongi maker.	positive	Love	it
Solidly built product.	positive	Solidly built	product
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.	positive	very pleased	coffeemaker
I have had no problems with the hot water side.	positive	no problems	hot water side
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.	positive	no bad taste	water
I especially like the carafe warming plate.	positive	especially like	carafe warming plate
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.	positive	plenty hot	coffee
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned coffee maker a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!	positive	highly recommend	coffee maker
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.	positive	little plasticky	taste of the coffee
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.	positive	better tasting	coffee
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.	positive	totally paid off	taste
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.	positive	much smoother	Mr. Coffee
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.	positive	smooth	cup of coffee
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"	positive	really can't go wrong	this
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.	positive	better	cup of coffee
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.	positive	options	strong coffee
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, espresso machine has not given me any problems yet.	positive	not given me any problems	it
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.	positive	easy	decalcifying process
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.	positive	highly recommend	espresso machine
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price	positive	1/10	Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.	positive	nice	Espresso machine
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.	positive	easy	clean
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.	positive	35 cents	6oz cup of Cappuccino
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.	positive	much much	regular brewed coffee
Great Coffemaker	positive	Great	Coffemaker
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.	positive	great	price
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.	positive	a lot easier	clean
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.	positive	pretty convenient	hot water side
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.	positive	doesn't take long at all	water to heat
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.	positive	definitely appreciate	coffee's done" alarm
Nice coffee maker	positive	Nice	coffee maker
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.	positive	enjoy	it
It works fairly simply.	positive	fairly simply	works
great product	positive	great	product
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.	positive	never bitter	coffee
I would definitely recommend this product.	positive	definitely recommend	product
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.	positive	pretty good	foam
I love several features.	positive	love	several features
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.	positive	very comfortable	design
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.	positive	best part	temperature
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.	positive	perfect	temperature
The design is attractive.	positive	attractive	design
Love the the singer serve.	positive	Love	singer serve
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.	positive	love	hot coffee
This sucker makes the best coffee	positive	best	coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.	positive	perfect	coffee
I recommend sucker for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.	positive	amazing	coffee maker
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.	positive	favorite	feature
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.	positive	hot	coffee
Love this machine!	positive	Love	machine
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.	positive	does not have any quality problems	product
Shipping time was less than estimated.	positive	less than estimated	Shipping time
Happy with the product and service.	positive	Happy	service
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.	positive	very good	capuccinos
Great coffee easy to use	positive	easy	use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.	positive	simple	one cup brewer
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.	positive	return anything	Amazon
It makes a great cup of coffee.	positive	great cup of coffee	It
Better than the Kurig.	positive	Better than	Kurig
Great maker for the price	positive	Great	price
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.	positive	great	coffee maker
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.	positive	easy	clean
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.	positive	piping hot	coffee
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.	positive	remains hot	coffee
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.	positive	good	price
Much less expensive to use than Kurig	positive	Much less expensive	Kurig
Good cup of coffee.	positive	Good	cup of coffee
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.	positive	not have to purchase	Kcups
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.	positive	best one they've ever had	machine
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?	positive	great tasting	cup of coffee
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.	positive	flavorful	cup o' joe
I was very happy with my purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.	positive	enjoying it daily	it
Thank you so much for your quality service.	positive	Thank you so much	quality service
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.	positive	phenomenal	cup of coffee
great buy	positive	great	buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.	positive	love	water filter
best coffe pot i have had	positive	best coffe pot i have had	coffe pot
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love automatic latte maker.	positive	love	it
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.	positive	loose a lot of my business	Starbucks
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.	positive	great	latte
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys automatic latte maker as much as I do!!!!	positive	enjoys it as much as I do!!!!!	it
Great coffemaker for the price	positive	Great	coffemaker
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.	positive	quiet	It
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.	positive	like	only one machine
This is a very nice product.	positive	very nice	product
shipped fast,works great	positive	great	works
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.	positive	well	packaged
took it out of box and was using right away, great.	positive	using right away	box
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.	positive	GREAT as usual	Amazon
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price	positive	One of the Best Super Automatics	Price
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.	positive	maintainable	manufacturers models
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.	positive	just as good as	Rancillo
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.	positive	it is worth it	price
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.	positive	rich	flavor
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.	positive	best part is you can pull out	brew mechanism
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.	positive	ensure	function
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.	positive	not losing out on anything	not having digital controls
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.	positive	get this model	real coffee
The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2.	positive	will not be an issue	temperature
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.	positive	only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature	it
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.	positive	rich	coffee
Decent for a decent price	positive	decent	price
Other than that, it makes great coffee.	positive	great	coffee
A Fine Cup of Coffee	positive	Fine	Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.	positive	still happy	it
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.	positive	recommend	it
Great coffee maker!	positive	Great	coffee maker
I love this coffee maker.	positive	love	coffee maker
It brews good coffee, very quickly.	positive	good	coffee
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.	positive	good	cup of coffee
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.	positive	nice	looks
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.	positive	great	concept
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.	positive	easy	operation
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.	positive	flimsy plastic	parts
A timer is very useful.	positive	very useful	timer
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.	positive	nice	coffee makers
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.	positive	best	single cup serving
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.	positive	perfect/perfect	coffee
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.	positive	last longer	it
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.	positive	works perfectly	Timer
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.	positive	the ones needed	features
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results	positive	excellent	coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.	positive	easy	program
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.	positive	very good	coffee
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.	positive	perfect	size
We are very pleased with this purchase!	positive	very pleased	purchase
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)	positive	Very easy	programming
8 years of great coffee	positive	great	coffee
We have never had problems with coffee pot up until about a week ago.	positive	never had problems	it
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.	positive	not a problem	water well
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.	positive	easy enough	electronics
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.	positive	will be purchasing another	one
Wonderful coffemaker	positive	Wonderful	coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.	positive	simply wonderful	coffee maker
The coffee it makes is outstanding.	positive	outstanding	coffee
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.	positive	no change	coffee taste
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.	positive	definitely recommend	coffee maker
Good Mill & Brew	positive	Good	Mill & Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.	positive	good	coffee
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.	positive	very satisfied	product
Love coffee pot	positive	Love	it
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.	positive	love	coffee pot
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.	positive	well	working
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.	positive	saving	coffee
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.	positive	wasteful expense	K-cup system
I think it is safe to say product is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.	positive	good	cup of coffee
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.	positive	save you a lot of money	unit
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.	positive	none of which gets wasted	coffee
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.	positive	works great	grounds
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.	positive	only 2.5 small scoops	grounds
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.	positive	not weak	coffee
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.	positive	smoother	Keurig cup
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.	positive	easy	clean
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace	positive	did replace	Melitta
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.	positive	great	coffee
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.	positive	just have to pay	$14 for shipping
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!	positive	Best	Espresso Machine
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.	positive	don't cut it	electronic machines
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.	positive	hand-pulled taste	machine
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.	positive	hated	S-Bucks machine
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!	positive	tasty	crema
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!	positive	won't cut it!	others
I'd recommended Espresso Machine as the perfect gift or addition to your home.	positive	perfect gift	this
Definitely worth the cost!	positive	Definitely worth	cost
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!	positive	wonderful	cappuccino
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!	positive	hot	foam
wonderfull coffee	positive	wonderfull	coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.	positive	tastes much better	old drip coffee
I love that coffee stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.	positive	hot	coffee
No burnt or bitter taste.	positive	bitter	taste
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.	positive	tastes so much better	coffee
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)	positive	Hope it lasts for years to come	it
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily	positive	well	Brews
brews great coffee	positive	great	coffee
Love the timer feature.	positive	Love	timer feature
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes	positive	less than 5 minutes	cups of coffee
Makes excellent coffee!	positive	excellent	coffee
I love this coffeemaker.	positive	love	coffeemaker
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.	positive	night light	blue light
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.	positive	much better	basket
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!	positive	Excellent	espresso
I cannot believe that people have problems with machine:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.	positive	cannot believe that people have problems	this
You CAN froth milk nicely.	positive	froth milk nicely	milk
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.	positive	FULL	scoops
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.	positive	plenty dark	espresso
It is an excellent shot.	positive	excellent	shot
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.	positive	as good as	Yali's
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.	positive	buy yourself	Mr. Coffee
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.	positive	EXCELLENT	cost
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with machine.	positive	more pleased	this one
machine is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.	positive	is paying for itself every day	It
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.	positive	quality	burr grinder
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!	positive	utmost quality	espresso
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).	positive	failed	Mr Coffee
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.	positive	without fail	coffee
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.	positive	best	price
I can recommend this brand/model.	positive	recommend	brand/model
Awesome Coffeepot!	positive	Awesome	Coffeepot
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.	positive	perfect	size
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!	positive	added bonus!	beeps
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!	positive	used nearly everyday!	This
It makes great espressos!	positive	great	espressos
We even use it to make mochas!	positive	even use it	mochas
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.	positive	perfect	coffee maker
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.	positive	fresh	cup of coffee
Satisfied Customer!	positive	Satisfied	Customer
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!	positive	great	cup of espresso
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.	positive	cheapest	pump-driven machine
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.	positive	doesn't take up much space	It
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.	positive	like	it
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.	positive	trouble free	it
I recommend it without hesitation,	positive	recommend	it
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.	positive	good	thermal coffee maker
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.	positive	all made	coffee
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.	positive	love	brew strength" setting
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.	positive	great	feature
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).	positive	warm for hours	coffee
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.	positive	not had any overflow problems	other brands
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.	positive	recommend	product
A nice coffee machine	positive	nice	coffee machine
Makes good coffee.	positive	good	coffee
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.	positive	no cross contamination	unit
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.	positive	gift	product
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, storage water filtered.	positive	filtered	its
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, Cusinart Grind-and-Brew's gotta be good.	positive	if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good	Cusinart
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.	positive	fine	Thermal carafes
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker	positive	Nice	coffee maker
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.	positive	enjoyed	coffee maker
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.	positive	as nice as this	Carafe models
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.	positive	hot	Carafe
Good Knives for the Money	positive	Good	Money
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.	positive	serve fine	knives
I seriously LOVE these knives.	positive	seriously LOVE	knives
I had to replace my other set because they broke and fell apart.	positive	fell apart	other set
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and knives are great!	positive	great!	these
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.	positive	unbeatable	quality
knives are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!	positive	great	look
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because knives really are good.	positive	really are good	they
Love these knives	positive	Love	knives
Bought a set of these about 10 years ago at a fund raiser for our local FD and knives are still almost as sharp as they day we bought them.	positive	still almost as sharp as they day we bought them	they
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.	positive	not so heavy	they
Better than my ja Henckels	positive	Better	Henckels
I have some very good knives but can definitely see set of knives getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.	positive	getting a lot of use	these
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel set of knives will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.	positive	plenty sharp enough	food
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.	positive	few days later	set
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives	positive	sharp	knives
To that end: the forks are perfect!	positive	perfect!	forks
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.	positive	not frustrated	ineffective plastic utensil
Great knives	positive	Great	knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.	positive	no complaints	knives
knives are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.	positive	comfortable	use
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.	positive	plus	option to sharpen
A Decent Set of Knives	positive	Decent	Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.	positive	like	built in sharpener
Aside from that they work well.	positive	well	work
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES	positive	BETTER THAN	ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.	positive	USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING	THEM
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.	positive	DON'T BEND AROUND	THEY
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.	positive	JUST FINE	THESE
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.	positive	elegant	looks
It feels great in your hand and works very well.	positive	very well	works
The price is unbelievable.	positive	unbelievable	price
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.	positive	everything matching	third set
I don't understand the few real negative ones.	positive	don't understand	few real negative ones
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.	positive	hard to beat	set
The knife block is angled so it can be placed on the countertop under a cabinet and the knives removed.	positive	removed	knives
Nice Set	positive	Nice	Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.	positive	lovely	set
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.	positive	neatly	block
Good, neat looking	positive	neat	looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...flatware is decent and looks good.	positive	good	looks
They are wonderful.	positive	wonderful	They
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.	positive	actually real sturdy	forks
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love forks, and we are using them for a bridal shower.	positive	love	them
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.	positive	no problem	knife issue
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.	positive	love	flatware
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.	positive	comes out just fine	flatware
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.	positive	bit priceier	23 piece set
great flatware	positive	great	flatware
so glad I purchased this item.	positive	so glad I purchased	item
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.	positive	absolutely no complaints	product
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).	positive	GREAT	set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series
Great set of knives	positive	Great	set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!	positive	awesome!	set of knives
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!	positive	love	paring
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.	positive	seems fine so far	product
Fun purchase!	positive	Fun	purchase
I absolutely love this cutlery set.	positive	absolutely love	cutlery set
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.	positive	razor sharp edge	sharpener
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..	positive	best results	Rada
I purchased the larger size setOneida Tuscany 45-Piece Flatware Set, Service for 8, then decided to add an additional 4 place settings...very happy with my decision.	positive	very happy	4 place settings
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.	positive	pleasant surprise	weight
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!	positive	look forward	set of flatware
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.	positive	Perfect	Flatware
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.	positive	simple	set
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.	positive	love	smaller fork
They work well and have a nice size and texture.	positive	nice	texture
Good qualty	positive	Good	qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer	positive	very happy	itthank
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."	positive	"Sharp as a razor	blades
The wood block looks very nice too.	positive	looks very nice	wood block
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.	positive	Perfect	cutlery set
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.	positive	highly recommended	knives
The knives surely are very sharp.	positive	very sharp	knives
knives are all very well balanced.	positive	very well balanced	They
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.	positive	pleasure	vegetables
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.	positive	useful	scissors
I have not had a need to use the shapening rod yet.	positive	not had a need to use	shapening rod
After 3 separate uses of the knives, at different times, the knives were quickly washed with warm water and soap and dried at once.	positive	dried at once	knives
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).	positive	less	$$
This is a very nice knife set for the price.	positive	very nice	price
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.	positive	meets my needs very well	this set
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.	positive	looks very nice	block
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.	positive	heavy duty	metal
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.	positive	worth the money	knives
Great product at a reasonable price	positive	reasonable	price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.	positive	works very nicely	in-block sharpener
Now our knives are always sharp.	positive	always sharp	knives
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.	positive	brand new	knives
Best bang for the buck!	positive	Best bang	buck
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?	positive	great	quality
great product	positive	great	product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.	positive	can't beat	price
Great Starter Knife Set	positive	Great	Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!	positive	wonderful!	knife set
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.	positive	no discernible difference	cutting ability
I would definitely recommend these to anyone.	positive	definitely recommend	these
Great knives!!	positive	Great	knives
These are some really good knives for the money!!	positive	really good	knives
knives are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!	positive	want regret	these
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying knives!	positive	want regret	these
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, disposable flatware did the trick.	positive	did the trick	these
I will most definitely order these again.	positive	most definitely order these again	these
The block and knives are well constructed.	positive	well constructed	knives
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.	positive	much lower	price
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.	positive	outstanding	appearance
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.	positive	great deal of work	sharpness
The controls are great, microwave's really good looking, and it works fine.	positive	fine	works
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.	positive	does everything I want	it
Even the popcorn setting is perfect.	positive	perfect	popcorn setting
After a lot of research, we finally decided on this brand and model.Pros:This is a large oven.	positive	large	oven
It is a powerful oven.	positive	powerful	oven
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.	positive	60 seconds	this one
Function programming allows you to turn the clock on/off and the beeper on/off (see Cons).	positive	Function programming	beeper
Full-power cooking requires only setting cook time and pressing start.	positive	Full-power	cooking
Since the end-of-cycle beep is not nearly as loud and irritating as our old oven, we chose to leave this function "on.	positive	not nearly as loud and irritating	old oven
Good, Versatile Microwave	positive	Good	Versatile Microwave
The defrost mode works quite well, without starting to cook the food.	positive	works quite well	defrost mode
There are many useful modes, for reheating, cooking from frozen, and keeping foods warm.	positive	useful	modes
Great for the small area I needed for.	positive	Great	small area
Good for cooking and warming.	positive	Good	warming
Black with white lettering is very attractive.	positive	very attractive	Black with white lettering
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.	positive	fan	Panasonic
This microwave is 1) the perfect size, 2)comes with excellent directions for using the technology, and 3)cooks beautifully!	positive	beautifully!	cooks
It's just large enough without looking huge on the counter.	positive	without looking huge	counter
The "add one minute" feature is wonderful for making gravy, or for adding just enough heat when you need it.	positive	wonderful	add one minute" feature
Sure beats the heck out of our old white Wal-Mart microwave.	positive	Sure beats the heck out	Wal-Mart microwave
Now we have quicker meal prep and, to top it all off, it looks great!	positive	great!	looks
Very happy with this purchase!	positive	Very happy	purchase
Great and powerful microwave	positive	powerful	microwave
microwave's got lots of power, and has a versatile keypad, which means you are not limited to 5 second increments as you are with some microwaves.	positive	lots of power	It
We mainly use it for heating food and it has worked perfectly fine for that.	positive	has worked perfectly fine	heating food
And the Panasonic microwave I have at home is 12 years old, and works like new.	positive	works like new	Panasonic microwave
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great microwave, very powerful, with easy to use features.	positive	easy to use	features
The turbo defrost feature really comes in handy too.	positive	really comes in handy	turbo defrost feature
Works great, does excellent job with frozen dinners.	positive	excellent job	frozen dinners
Good microwave for the price	positive	Good	microwave
This is a good microwave and very reasonably priced.	positive	very reasonably	priced
18 month old loves it!	positive	loves	it
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.	positive	love	buttons
This set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen.	positive	enough	play food
I paid 15 at TRU, which feels like about the right price to me.	positive	right price	15
Cute oven... but doesn't work for too long.	positive	Cute	oven
This is a cute oven.	positive	cute	oven
It arrived in good time and was as described.	positive	good time	arrived
Overall this is a decent microwave.	positive	decent	microwave
I think the style and look is good.	positive	good	look
I have not had any issues with it and probably have used it almost every day for the past few weeks I've had it.	positive	have not had any issues	it
You can enter time and press cook and it works.	positive	works	it
It also has a "quick minute" button, which is good, but it, too, still requires that you press the "start" button.	positive	good	quick minute" button
You also have to press this button between 1 and 9 times to select the food group--again a stupid button trick.All in all, it's a fine appliance at a good price.	positive	fine	appliance
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
Microwave works great and I like all the different features.	positive	like	different features
Every aspect of this purchase was accomplished in a timely and efficient manner.	positive	efficient	manner
The product far exceeds expectations.	positive	far exceeds expectations	product
I would recommend this product to a friend.	positive	recommend	product
Huge Microwave	positive	Huge	Microwave
When she opened her gift I heard things like "Wow, that is huge."	positive	huge	that
I had asked her before hand and she said that bigger is better, but from the measurements alone you don't get a good feel for how enormous it's going to be.	positive	enormous	it
It doesn't seem to cook any faster, but that is to be expected being as it's the same wattage but a larger size.	positive	larger	size
Great smaller unit,  I got it for a smaller apartment.. use it for heating coffee, left overs, soups, and small plates,  Works great.	positive	great	Works
Defrost a snap.	positive	snap	Defrost
I find it reliable and easy to clean... simple microwave for simple uses.	positive	easy	clean
IMPROVED OVER OLDER GENUIS MODELS	positive	IMPROVED	OLDER GENUIS MODELS
Works as expected, exactly fits where the old P. Genius was and has more inside room!	positive	exactly fits	old P. Genius
I really like the function button & the reminder beep.	positive	like	reminder beep
No more finding something in it the next day that I forgot about!	positive	No more finding something	it
It replaced an 1100 watt microwave and I was hesitant to purchase one that had less power, but this microwave has surpassed my expectations.	positive	surpassed my expectations	microwave
It cooks evenly, is fast and very quiet.	positive	evenly	cooks
I highly recommend microwave!	positive	highly recommend	it
Big microwave, fits a family pack of chicken thighs no problem.	positive	fits a family pack	chicken thighs
Love the inverter turbo defrost enter the weight of the frozen item and it thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit.	positive	thaws it out every time without cooking it one bit	inverter turbo defrost
Great mico wave.	positive	Great	mico wave
It is a high powered micro wave and very straight forward to use.	positive	very straight forward	use
Great purchase!	positive	Great	purchase
microwave came within two days and everything was where it should be.	positive	everything was where it should be	It
I've had microwave now for about two weeks and its great!	positive	great	it
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.	positive	really nothing to worry about	sticker
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.I say buy it if you're looking for a small but durable microwave.	positive	durable	microwave
We glued them on and microwave works.	positive	works	it
Bought the Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black, for wife, and both of us are very positively impressed!	positive	very positively impressed!	Panasonic NN-H765BF Full Size 1.6 Cubic Feet, 1250-Watt Microwave Oven, Black
Very good quality.	positive	Very good	quality
Easy to use and to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.	positive	right temperature	Heats
Great Microwave!	positive	Great	Microwave
This one replaced it and it was just what we were looking for.	positive	just what we were looking for	it
After using this microwave for a few weeks, we are extremely satisfied.	positive	extremely satisfied	microwave
We can cook more than one item at a time due to its large capacity, which is a real time saver!	positive	large capacity	its
In addition, we feel that this microwave does a good job cooking or defrosting in sensor mode (unlike our previously owned models).	positive	does a good job	defrosting
We cook all the time at home, so we have high expectations of functionality, design, and reliability when it comes to microwaves and this model meets all of them!	positive	meets all of them	this model
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.	positive	worth the purchase	This
Powerful, Even Heater	positive	Even	Heater
The Panasonic is a powerful unit and the "Inverter" feature does seem to heat the food more evenly.	positive	does seem to heat the food more evenly	Inverter" feature
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.	positive	not the case	this unit
The dial is a handy feature, whether using it to set the clock, timer or cook time.	positive	handy feature	dial
I did read other reviews expressing concern over the fact that a light doesn't go on when the door to the microwave is opened, but this is really a non-issue.	positive	really a non-issue	this
There is no problem seeing what is inside the 1.2 cubic foot space unless one is using it in complete darkness.	positive	no problem seeing	1.2 cubic foot space
It's big and stainless steel, I must buy it.	positive	stainless steel	It
Works great, pops popcorn in 2 minutes!	positive	2 minutes	popcorn
I love the size I never have to worry about popcorn which is the main reason I use it!	positive	never have to worry	popcorn
We purchased this microwave after reading the reviews and initially we were really pleased with it.	positive	initially we were really pleased	microwave
Great for the price	positive	Great	price
It's bigger but not so big it takes up an entire counter.	positive	bigger but not so big	It
It's a great family-size unit.	positive	great family-size unit	It
Bought this for daughter for her new home she loves it  price was great and shipping was fast she loves all the features	positive	loves	features
The unit performed flawlessly and awaits my next trip.	positive	awaits my next trip	unit
Innovative functionality; why didn't they think of this before?	positive	Innovative	functionality
It ends up taking about 6 inches less counter space than conventional small microwaves, yet still holds large dinner plates.	positive	taking about 6 inches less counter space	conventional small microwaves
Controls are intuitive, and the power is adequate.	positive	adequate	power
It is sized and looks similar to a 13 inch CRT television set.	positive	similar to a 13 inch CRT television set	looks
Works Great	positive	Great	Works
It is easy to operate and cooks food evenly.	positive	easy	operate
We use the microwave 2 times a day.	positive	2 times a day	use
Like the new technology	positive	Like	new technology
very nice unit.	positive	very nice	unit
Plenty of room, easy to use.	positive	easy	use
Measures approximately 20" x 15" x 12"700W power0.7 cubic foot capacitySix auto-cooking settings10 adjustable power levels, including express cooking and weight defrostOne-touch menu optionsLED display with digital timer and clockChild-safe lockCook-end signalETL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's WarrantyMade in China	positive	clockChild-safe	lockCook-end
Excellent Microwave	positive	Excellent	Microwave
Looks great and works great.	positive	great	works
I especially like the buttons and controls.	positive	especially like	controls
The discrete buttons provide good tactile feedback and are much nicer that those membrane switch panels most microwaves use.	positive	good	tactile feedback
It was also an exact fit in the cabinet so that it almost looks like a built-in.	positive	almost looks like a built-in	it
Good little microwave	positive	little	microwave
It works just fine with no complaints for what we purchased it for.	positive	no complaints	works
Sleek and powerful with a small price tag.	positive	small	price tag
I like the overall design and ease of this product.	positive	ease	product
I like that the microwave beeps if you have left food in there after the timer has stopped.	positive	like	microwave beeps
It's fairly powerful for its size and wattage and has been going strong for at least 9 months now so I can't complain as I see it lasting into the future.	positive	fairly powerful	wattage
I love this microwave even though all I've done so far is basic microwaving.	positive	love	microwave
It's nice and fast, heats and reheats extremely well.	positive	extremely well	reheats
In time, I'll be trying some of the other features, but for right now, it's great for my needs.	positive	great for my needs	it
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a new microwave.	positive	would recommend	it
This Commercial Oven is Great in Our Home	positive	Great	Commercial Oven
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.	positive	close to 20 years	first microwave
We got the idea to try a Commercial model, on the hypothesis that it would likely withstand routine usage for more years than a consumer model.	positive	would likely withstand routine usage for more years	routine usage
The Panasonic has a sturdier feel, and unlike all but our original microwave, this has a stirred beam, not a carousel.	positive	sturdier feel	Panasonic
We really like it, and because the dish doesn't move, we can employ more or less square dishes almost the width of the cavity.	positive	really like	it
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.	positive	working better	cavity
I am now enthusiastically recommending Commercial models to friends and family.	positive	enthusiastically recommending	Commercial models
This is a very large stainless steel microwave.	positive	very large stainless	steel microwave
Its is attractive, easy to use, and heats foods very evenly.	positive	very evenly	heats foods
At about $250, it was a real bargain.	positive	real bargain	250
It ilso is very lightweight for a microwave this size.	positive	very lightweight	It
With Amazon Prime, I had it less than 48 hours after I ordered it.	positive	less than 48 hours after I ordered	Amazon Prime
Arguably 2* is a bit harsh, but I do actively recommend against buying unit.It's a pretty good looking unit which generates microwaves like a champ - no complaints there.	positive	no complaints	microwaves
It's not exactly difficult, but it certainly isn't as easy as tapping a digit or 3 to set a time directly.It's a high power machine so dialing it back makes sense quite often - and that's why it has the inverter feature.	positive	high power	machine
I bought this brand and model without seeing it in a store because I had been very happy with a predecessor model that had finally quit after 11 years.	positive	very happy	predecessor model
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.	positive	operate well	turntable
The inverter technology makes the unit light and the stainless steel exterior is attractive.	positive	attractive	stainless steel exterior
I needed one powerful enough to cook main dishes in, thaw food, able to handle large dishes and be black in color to match my other appliances.	positive	black	color
I love this microwave and it is easy to use.	positive	love	microwave
I've had several microwaves over 28 years and they have all been Panasonics, the last one lasting for over 10 years (with heavy use).	positive	lasting for over 10 years	last one
Works really well	positive	really well	Works
I like the size of this Micro, doesn't take up as much room as my last one, but has same wattage and better features.	positive	better	features
I love the reheat sensor, works perfect every time.	positive	works perfect	reheat sensor
Micro is as easy to open and close as any Micro I've owned.	positive	as easy to open and close	any Micro
Amazon has this priced very well, don't hesitate to purchase if it's the size, color and price that fits your needs.	positive	very well	priced
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux	positive	best microwave I've ever had	microwave
We bought this model microwave when our old one dies after a power surge at the house.	positive	dies	old one
And out of the box, microwave has worked flawlessly, just like the first one did.	positive	worked flawlessly	it
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.	positive	all manner of	functions
Well made little machine.	positive	Well made	machine
Have had this microwave for 10 years and four moves and it is still going strong.	positive	still going strong	microwave
Compact unit works great, so far.	positive	great	works
I bought this microwave because it had the most power of any compact unit.	positive	most	power
microwave takes up less space than my old Kenmore, heats quickly, and so far, I haven't found any hot spots.	positive	quickly	heats
Very nice microwave for a very small price!	positive	very small	price
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.	positive	full powered	microwave
It has a lot of special features that we may never use, but they're there if we want them.	positive	a lot of	special features
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.	positive	large enough	9"x13" pan
The turntable works great and the oven is fairly quiet.	positive	fairly quiet	oven
I'm very glad to have purchased it at such a low price.	positive	low	price
We've had this microwave for several months now, after replacing an old one that was having trouble (which 1/4 of the plate that it decided to heat on any given day was apparently determined by the phases of the moon, or possibly sun spots).First of all, this is a good size microwave.	positive	good	size
If you are upgrading from a smaller one, be sure to check the dimensions listed in the product description before ordering.It's very well built.	positive	very well built	It
It gives the impression that it's probably going to last forever.	positive	last forever	It
All of the buttons, the dial, the door and its release mechanism are all very solid.	positive	very solid	release mechanism
The inner rotating tray and the rotation mechanism that it sits on are also well done -- even with a really lopsided load, the rotation of the tray remains smooth.The performance of this microwave has been stellar.	positive	stellar	performance
As mentioned in another review, the Popcorn mode is perfect -- I have yet to see a single burnt piece come out of a bag.	positive	perfect	Popcorn mode
The "Sensor Reheat" mode has been spectacular for me as well.	positive	spectacular	Sensor Reheat" mode
As a matter of fact, just yesterday I used it to reheat a plate that included ground beef, mixed vegetables, and a large amount of mashed potatoes -- nothing was overdone, and the mashed potatoes were hot all the way through!The unit itself is quiet -- it probably operates at about a third of the volume of my old one (admittedly, that's not saying much).	positive	a third	old one
My girlfriend thinks it's hilarious that the display says "Enjoy Your Meal" after it finishes heating.There are a number of features that I haven't tried, since I haven't had a need for them yet.	positive	number	features
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.	positive	best	microwave
It's expensive (mine was an open box item at a local retailer, purchased for $179), but the capabilities (and the distinct sense that it will last forever) make it a worthwhile investment.	positive	worthwhile investment	it
works quite well	positive	quite well	works
I wanted an inverter style microwave oven to replace the aging microwave I had been using for the last 10 years.If you use the lower levels for warming soups and stews, heating frozen dinners and defrosting frozen food, this unit works great, since unit can actually vary the power applied to the food, not just cycle it on and off.	positive	vary the power	it
This feature heats the food more evenly, without over-heating the edges of the food.	positive	heats the food more evenly	food
It excels at keeping food warm after the cooking or reheating is completed.I also like the LED interior lighting, which means it probably wont ever burnout and need to be replaced.The only minor issues I have with this oven: The labeling of the buttons, its hard to see in low light levels, and there is nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking at a lower power level like some of the other Panasonic ovens have.Overall the oven is an ideal compact oven for singles, couples, and maybe dorm use, or as a second oven for large families.	positive	ideal	compact oven
Fabulous features!	positive	Fabulous	features
We love our new microwave!	positive	love	microwave
After using this for about 7 months, we have enjoyed to features if this microwave.	positive	enjoyed	features
Our favorite details are the melt/soften feature (works very well!)	positive	works very well	melt/soften feature
No complaints thus far for this microwave!	positive	No complaints	microwave
I called these people and they were very nice on the phone but you've got to understand I was upset and my ears were full of tears from laying on the couch and crying over all that money I spent.	positive	very nice	these people
A refund of the full purchase price should be sent to me in 4 to 6 weeks.	positive	full purchase price	refund
It is fairly big...	positive	fairly big	It
It is most certainly powerful.	positive	powerful	It
Great product, great price.	positive	great	price
I really like this large microwave, microwave is very simple and has a nice clean look in the white.	positive	nice clean	look
I would recommend this for the price.	positive	recommend	price
My last one cost almost double and broke within a year - the one before that I had for 10 years so I guess you never know.	positive	broke within a year	last one
I LOVE this microwave!	positive	LOVE	microwave
This model is an upgrade and apparently from the one I had.	positive	upgrade	model
I love it more than the two previous ones and it seems better built.	positive	better built	it
The appearance is simply cool, looking almost sci-fi.	positive	sci-fi	appearance
It feels solid, the door is solid opening and closing and it works beautifully.	positive	beautifully	works
Didn't think it mattered, but the blue light is in fact very cool.	positive	very cool	blue light
I microwave a lot but not extensive cooking,  When my last one made loud noises, I knew I had to act as I couldn't be without for long.	positive	loud noises	last one
What a pleasure to look on Amazon and in two days it was on my door step.	positive	two days	Amazon
I pushed it in and it was up and running in literally five minutes.	positive	five minutes	running
They are in fact a "fulfillment center."	positive	fulfillment center	They
Very nice microwave.	positive	Very nice	microwave
Came packaged securely.	positive	securely	packaged
It is large enough to hold a medium sized casserole dish which is unusual with most microwaves.	positive	unusual	most microwaves
I would definitely recommend this applicance.	positive	recommend	applicance
Bought this Microwave a couple of years ago, and for the most part Microwave works fine.	positive	works fine	it
You put the first bowl in, put the timer on 1 minute and 30 secs, and the oatmeal comes out fine.	positive	comes out fine	oatmeal
Heard all good comments on this one.	positive	good	comments
I trust Panasonic when it comes to microwave.	positive	trust	microwave
Their microwave lasts for a very long time.	positive	lasts for a very long time	microwave
microwave's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with it.	positive	good	it
It's doesn't' have that many fancy functions, but I am good with microwave.	positive	good	it
microwave dies on me after many years.	positive	dies on me after many years	It
The internal is large.	positive	large	internal
Nothing much to complain about Panasonic microwaves.	positive	Nothing much to complain	Panasonic microwaves
Working like a champ	positive	champ	Working
Update as of May 2012.Still running like a champ, buttons look like new.Who knows how many burned popcorn bags have ran through this :)..seriously, the inside top has turned black due to people burning things!..Wipe it down, air it out, and keep on trucking.I'd buy microwave again.-----------------------This microwave was purchased to replace an older unit that had been worn out at our office.	positive	I'd buy one of these again	one of these
What we first noticed is it brought a cold cup of water to a boil in under two minutes!	positive	boil in under two minutes!	cold cup of water
The other 1200 watt microwaves need three or more.Upsides.	positive	three or more	1200 watt microwaves
Easy to understand buttons with a 1 minute or add a minute feature.	positive	Easy	buttons
Going with white saved about 20$ off the black unit.	positive	saved about 20$	white
Thankfully the popcorn option works beautifully.	positive	works beautifully	popcorn option
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.	positive	No more stinky burned	popcorn
Good microwave	positive	Good	microwave
The shipment was on time, no delay with that.The microwave is small sized and decent.	positive	decent	microwave
microwave ideal for students and working people.	positive	ideal	working people
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.	positive	liked	microwave
Great Microwave	positive	Great	Microwave
We had a Panasonic microwave that gave out after 11 years, and we had one before that.	positive	gave out after 11 years	Panasonic microwave
We're happy with Panasonic microwave.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.	positive	fitting our criteria	this one
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered Panasonic microwave.	positive	fitting our criteria	this one
This size is great, it fits dishes that are wider than most for these external and volume dimensions (15" platter).	positive	wider	dishes
The power is great (1:20 for tea).	positive	1:20	tea
I think I'd rather have a dull finish, but it easily wipes clean, so no concern.This feels like a better item than the one it replaced, so all in all that's a great start for what will likely be a long relationship...	positive	better item	This
SEEMS WELL MADE AND WORKS GREAT.	positive	GREAT	WORKS
This microwave works great and the popcorn button has 3 levels depending on the size of the bag.	positive	3 levels	popcorn button
The first level is for the standard size so you just hit the popcorn button once and then start and it comes out great.	positive	great	it
The size is nice, its not as tall as some weve had and the inside has a nice large glass platter that rotates.	positive	large	glass platter
You can reduce the cooking power if you like.	positive	reduce	cooking power
It will also keep foods warm to serve when you are ready.	positive	keep foods warm	foods
Its a nice micrwave for the price, easy to use and works well.	positive	well	works
Been a Loyal Customer of Kenmore 0.7 Cu.	positive	Loyal Customer	Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave
This new microwave has so many new features and is quite simple to use once you get cooking with it.	positive	simple	use
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.	positive	easy	clean
I know I will be using it more and more as time goes on.	positive	using it more	it
It's a winner for me.	positive	winner	It
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly	positive	fine	works
This microwave is VERY nice and has TONS of features that we will probably never use.	positive	TONS	features
The beeper is nice and not too loud, but does beep 5 times.	positive	does beep 5 times	beeper
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.	positive	worse	The one
very nice microwve	positive	very nice	microwve
simple to operate, quite, cooks well, easy to understand modes.	positive	easy to understand	modes
Larger than most models, but can handle larger dishes, turntable helps cook food more evenly.	positive	cook food more evenly	food
Recommend this microwave	positive	Recommend	microwave
Very pleased with the microwave.	positive	Very pleased	microwave
Slightly larger than my previous oven and the extra space is great.	positive	extra space	previous oven
Also very happy with the inverter feature to select true power levels.	positive	very happy	inverter feature
Deeper heating.	positive	Deeper	heating
This replaced a smaller unit that took two and one half min.	positive	two and one half min	smaller unit
Do it now in One and a half min.I like the automatic time selection for many foods and amounts.	positive	like	amounts
Customer is happy.	positive	happy	Customer
Very good for the price	positive	Very good	price
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.	positive	improperly assembled	manufacturer
Return and replacement went easily per Amazon procedure.	positive	easily	Amazon
The oven performs as advertised.	positive	performs as advertised	oven
Large size good for our purpose.	positive	good	Large size
We have an opening in cabinetry which this fills nicely.	positive	fills nicely	this
Pros: Cooks evenly, 1250 Watts of power, large full size comportment, quick function buttons, rotating turntable.Cons: None so far.The Bottom Line: I definitely recommend this microwave becasuse of it's 1250 Watts of power and large size.	positive	large	size
I am very impressed with the evenness of cooking and that it has a curved back inside to allow turning of large round items.	positive	turning	items
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!	positive	great!	looks
I have had it for a couple of weeks now and have not run across any issues.	positive	not run across any issues	it
Great purchase.	positive	Great	purchase
This microwave is large and has lots of features such as sensors that tell you when the food is hot and so on.	positive	lots	features
It works great.	positive	great	works
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.	positive	smaller	This
We're Not Microwave Dependent - But Microwave Is A Good One	positive	Good	This
Easy to operate.	positive	Easy	operate
Authentic feel to the controls.	positive	Authentic feel	controls
Wonderful to reheat coffee -- and thaw frozen meat using its sensor.	positive	Wonderful	coffee
Still discovering its capabilities.	positive	Still discovering	capabilities
I bought this oven a year back and it ran perfectly well.	positive	ran perfectly well	oven
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.	positive	very nice service	product
Great microwave	positive	Great	microwave
Careful examination shows that it's a divot in the door so that it swings open freely.Otherwise, this is a good product.	positive	good	product
Cooks evenly and looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
Great Toaster!	positive	Great	Toaster
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.	positive	reasonably	priced
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.	positive	never been disappointed	Hamilton Beach products
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.	positive	extremely easy	use
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.	positive	no complaints	it
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.	positive	very well	bakes
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.	positive	fairly well	hoagy buns
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.	positive	large enough	fries
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.	positive	cooking on both sides	grilling rack
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.	positive	pretty much the same time and temperature	baking
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.	positive	doesn't heat up the entire kitchen	It
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.	positive	fairly non-stick and easy to clean up	pan
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.	positive	like	it
It is perfect!	positive	perfect!	It
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.	positive	lowered significantly	electric bill
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.	positive	has paid for itself	It
Nice for the price	positive	Nice	price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.	positive	like	toaster oven
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.	positive	does well	plain bread
And toaster oven looks really cool.	positive	looks really cool	it
consistent toast	positive	consistent	toast
The browning dial works consistently well.	positive	works consistently well	browning dial
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.	positive	light brown	bread
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.	positive	works faster	previous toaster
toaster is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.	positive	make it easier to wipe crumbs away	redesign
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, toaster's great.	positive	great	it
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?	positive	who can complain	price point
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.	positive	don't seem to be an issue	cord's positioning and length
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.	positive	Love	space
Its performance is so much better than my old one.	positive	so much better	old one
Color & quality are great	positive	great	quality
The color is perfect for the kitchen.	positive	perfect	color
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.	positive	well satisfied	toaster
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.	positive	like	bread
It does the job.	positive	does the job	It
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.	positive	perfectly	functions
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.	positive	Tasty	Egg Muffin
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.	positive	just few minutes	Egg Muffin
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.	positive	awesome	toaster slot
Absolutely love this toaster.	positive	Absolutely love	toaster
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.	positive	extremely light weight	it
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!	positive	hello	Breville
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.	positive	NEVER buy	Dualit toaster
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?	positive	fine	works
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.	positive	BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD	THIS
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.	positive	Great	toasting
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!	positive	LOVE	TOASTER
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!	positive	GREAT	TOASTER
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!	positive	would buy it again!	it
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.	positive	big sell	carrying handle
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.	positive	sole reason I wake up at all	toaster
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.	positive	has never let us down	oven
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.	positive	simple	clunky sliding switch
It won't hurt the oven but you toast won't get direct radiant heat from the lower heating elements.This is great for toast and bagels using the variable width pop-up, and for croissants, pastries and warming pizza slices etc in the small oven.	positive	great	pizza slices
It works just like advertised.	positive	just like advertised	works
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.	positive	easy	process
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.	positive	no effort	egg sandwiches
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.	positive	very nice	eggs
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.	positive	works very nicely	this one
Wonderful Toaster	positive	Wonderful	Toaster
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.	positive	did not work	cheaper one
It works great and I would highly recommend toaster.	positive	highly recommend	it
Reasonably priced2.	positive	Reasonably	priced
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.	positive	Nice	features
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.	positive	Audible	alarm
Cool touch sides5.	positive	Cool	touch sides
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.	positive	easily accomodate	bagels
Great features!	positive	Great	features
This toaster is awesome!	positive	awesome!	toaster
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.	positive	delight	toasting
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.	positive	positive	reviews
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.	positive	securely	packaged
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.	positive	did make an effort	Black and Decker customer service representative
Working well so far,good quality	positive	good	quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.	positive	not annoying	some others
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.	positive	very pleased	operation
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.	positive	simple	4 slice toaster
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.	positive	wish we had bought it a few years ago	it
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.	positive	worked perfectly	middle range
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.	positive	working within sight	countdown timer
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.	positive	easy to take out	crumb tray
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.	positive	satisfactory height	push up handle
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.	positive	advanced the art of cooking	products
This is one of those.	positive	is one of those	This
Way better than McDonalds!	positive	Way better	McDonalds
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher!	positive	LOVES	it
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.	positive	best	McMuffins
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher	positive	really happy	product
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.	positive	still thanking me	toaster
toaster is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.	positive	wide enough	thick slice of home made bread
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.	positive	do really work	toast gradations
All of the functions work as expected.	positive	work as expected	functions
Price was competitive.	positive	competitive	Price
Excellent toaster	positive	Excellent	toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.	positive	evenly	bread
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.	positive	sturdy	toaster
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.	positive	like new	works
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend toaster to others.	positive	recommend	it
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.	positive	really like	it
It  worth what we paid for it.	positive	worth what we paid	it
good toaster	positive	good	toaster
Great Retro Toaster	positive	Great	Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.	positive	really love	Cuisinart toaster
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.	positive	great	options
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.	positive	fits perfectly	retro look
Breville Does the Toasting Good	positive	Good	Toasting
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).	positive	useful	options
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.	positive	well protected	packaging
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.	positive	free	shipping
This thing rocks!	positive	rocks!	thing
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.	positive	really like	toaster/egg cooker
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.	positive	very happy	it
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.	positive	perfection	hot dogs
totally awesome toaster!	positive	totally awesome	toaster
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.	positive	stylish	toaster
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.	positive	a lot better real life	looks
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.	positive	very straight forward fashion	poaches
I would totally recomend this product.	positive	totally recomend	product
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.	positive	does not take up much	space
Great product!!	positive	Great	product
I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.	positive	any size slice	bread
Works very well	positive	very well	Works
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with toaster.	positive	very happy	it
And we can toast 4 slices at once!	positive	4 slices at once	toast
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also toaster's very pretty.	positive	very pretty	it
Good looking, multiple features and great performance	positive	great	performance
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.	positive	enough	buttons
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.	positive	compliment	black and stainless steel look
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.	positive	similar to	former toaster
It toasted like a champ!	positive	like a champ!	toasted
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.	positive	did it perfectly	4 setting
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.	positive	really sold me	frozen setting
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.	positive	recommend	toaster
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.	positive	serves my need well	this
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.	positive	just as advertised	outer surface
Toasts Bagels great	positive	great	Bagels
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.	positive	enjoyed	Cuisinart appliances
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.	positive	evenly	Bagels
Would have expected toaster to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.	positive	expected it to weigh more	it
It works fine for me.	positive	fine	works
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.	positive	works fine	it
And it's find for this price!	positive	find	price
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.	positive	use it every morning	it
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.	positive	delicious	breakfasts
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.	positive	plenty of protein	fat-free english muffins
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.	positive	five stars	it
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!	positive	healthy	breakfast
Excellent toaster for two slice	positive	Excellent	toaster
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.	positive	recommend	toaster
It provides fast and even toasting every time.	positive	even	toasting
toaster's attractice and the price is exceptional.	positive	exceptional	price
Love this toaster	positive	Love	toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.	positive	best	toaster
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.	positive	easy to remember	digital number
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.	positive	much more evenly	other toaster
The progress indicator is great.	positive	great	progress indicator
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.	positive	nice	oversized bread
Best toaster I've ever had	positive	Best	toaster
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.	positive	good looking	toaster
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.	positive	accurate	control
I'm very pleased with the toaster.	positive	very pleased	toaster
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.	positive	easy to remove	bread
The smallest quality Toaster oven around	positive	quality	Toaster oven
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.	positive	very functional	Toaster Oven
I love Toaster Oven!	positive	love	it
I love stainless steel toaster!	positive	love	it
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.	positive	died	stainless steel toaster
This red toaster is so beautiful!	positive	beautiful!	red toaster
I'm exaggerating but toaster does not weigh much.	positive	not weigh much	it
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.	positive	fancy	light up
Nice toaster.	positive	Nice	toaster
This is a nice toaster.	positive	nice	toaster
Toasts well and evenly.	positive	evenly	Toasts
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.	positive	nice features	audio indication
awesome product	positive	awesome	product
the guys love the product they use product every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends	positive	recommend	product
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.	positive	tasty	breakfast sandwich
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.	positive	simple thing to remedy	meat
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.	positive	no problem	sausage patties
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.	positive	haven't experienced any problems	bread
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.	positive	worthwhile	mc-breakfast
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.	positive	a year	lasts
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.	positive	a star	it
Like toaster oven and maybe love it!!	positive	love	it
I think this toaster oven is a great size!	positive	great	size
Works really well too.	positive	really well	Works
BUT other than that it is a great product.	positive	great	product
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .	positive	does handle	larger sizes
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.	positive	well	works
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.	positive	nice	looks
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.	positive	not the worst purchase	it
Love It!	positive	Love	It
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small	positive	Love	push button
Worked perfect for me.	positive	perfect	Worked
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.	positive	awesome	toaster
Great product	positive	Great	product
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like toaster.	positive	like	it
I would recommend toaster also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.	positive	wide	it
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space toaster's really wide.	positive	wide	it
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.	positive	quickly	toasts
And it is compact and looks good.	positive	looks good	it
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.	positive	does not show finger prints	toaster
When our toaster died, a bit of research made oven seem like such a great idea.	positive	great idea	this
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.	positive	wide	toaster slot
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.	positive	little	machine
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).	positive	all sorts of breads	works
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.	positive	love	toaster
The bagel setting is particularly cool.	positive	cool	bagel setting
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.	positive	tick tick tick	old toaster
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.	positive	nice job	pizza
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.	positive	big hit	pull-out crumb tray
A Great Product	positive	Great	Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.	positive	blessing	product
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.	positive	same time	egg
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.	positive	whole slice	toaster
Thank You for a Great Product.	positive	Great	Product
good for price	positive	good	price
we like it and is serves its purpose.	positive	serves its purpose	it
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.	positive	caught on fire	2 mini bagels
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.	positive	melted	handle
excellent for the $$	positive	excellent	$$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.	positive	Great	slide out crumb catcher
Excellent value for the money.	positive	Excellent value	money
Compact 4 slice unit	positive	Compact	4 slice unit
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.	positive	plus	dual control
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.	positive	great	price
I however saw it at a friend's and realized toaster was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep	positive	smaller	it
First one I bought didn't work at all.	positive	didn't work	First one
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.	positive	neat	bagel setting
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly	positive	toasts bread perfectly	bread
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.	positive	obsessed	Domo
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine	positive	just fine	works
The little toaster oven that could!	positive	that could!	toaster oven
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.	positive	beloved work horse	old toaster over
toaster oven will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.	positive	get the job done	frozen waffles
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!	positive	sweet!	cancel button
It's still going strong.	positive	going strong	It
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.	positive	evenly	Toasts
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.	positive	returned	Oster
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.	positive	returned	Cuisinart
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.	positive	little	toaster
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.	positive	I'd give it five stars	toaster
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.	positive	well	toasts
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.	positive	one side nicely	toasts
Looks pretty	positive	pretty	Looks
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.	positive	pretty	slant effect
Sturdy toaster	positive	Sturdy	toaster
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.	positive	under-$20	Proctor Silex
Proctor Silex good.	positive	good	It's
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.	positive	nice	sliding heat range
We love this toaster oven.	positive	love	toaster oven
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.	positive	fits nicely	It
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.	positive	great	quick foods
Much better than turning on the oven.	positive	better than	oven
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!	positive	rejoice!	Sandwich
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.	positive	elegant	It
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.	positive	perfect	toast
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.	positive	easily	bagels
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.	positive	love	no levers
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?	positive	Lift and Look	button
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.	positive	A Bit More	button
"It's ingenious.	positive	ingenious	It
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.	positive	love	toaster
Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome.	positive	awesome	performance
The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great.	positive	great	looks
I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it.	positive	without having to touch	garbage can
I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.	positive	eventually broke	step on kind
These cans are very fashionable.	positive	very fashionable	cans
I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun.	positive	so fun	trash
The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom.	positive	complimenting	cans
Price is excellent.	positive	excellent	Price
You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening.	positive	pay more	one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening
would highly recommend this purchase.	positive	highly recommend	purchase
LOVE garbage pail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive	LOVE	IT
I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.	positive	love	concept
I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.	positive	congrats	opening system
Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.	positive	Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open	top
The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.	positive	very easy	stainless steel
It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.	positive	fits in perfectly	stainless steel appliances
Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.	positive	long	Battery life
Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.	positive	well-made	trash can
Yes Trashcan is expensive, but so worth it to me!	positive	so worth it	it
I love not having a top.	positive	love	top
Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue.	positive	not an issue	trash
This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen.	positive	looks so good	can
If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use.	positive	easy	use
13 gallon kitchen bags fit nicely and you can fill them completely.	positive	fill them completely	them
They fit nicely and you can fill 13 gallon kitchen bags completely.	positive	fill them completely	them
Great Trash Can	positive	Great	Trash Can
It looks great and is stylish.	positive	great	looks
We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.	positive	no issues at all	battery
13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.	positive	so nice	trash
I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also.	positive	keep the spreading of germs down	it
Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.	positive	clean operation	trash can
Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...	positive	like	use
They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!	positive	less expensive	many that are out there
It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.	positive	fit it perfectly	13 gallon bags
Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it!	positive	without ever having to touch it	batteries
It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.	positive	nice	option
It works great and I love the trash can.	positive	love	trash can
Great product	positive	Great	product
Love the quality of this manufacturer.	positive	Love	manufacturer
Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use.	positive	Easy	use
Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary).	positive	no special orders necessary	trash bag sizes
Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can.	positive	Highly recommend	it
And kids love using it (another plus)...	positive	plus	using
Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?	positive	Great	garbage can
Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can.	positive	really likes	garbage can
We have had no issues with garbage can.	positive	no issues	it
Very happy with garbage can.	positive	Very happy	it
It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend garbage can!	positive	recommend	it
Great product	positive	Great	product
A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.	positive	solved his problem	it
We love product.	positive	love	it
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.	positive	amazing	stuff
We'd recommend it highly.	positive	recommend it highly	it
This is a great quality and value.	positive	great	value
I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.	positive	functional	this one
Great product	positive	Great	product
Great trash can for outside.	positive	Great	trash can
It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.	positive	not get filled with water	trash bag
The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.	positive	locks	lid
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.	positive	inconsistent	operation
got a replacement and it works great .	positive	works great	replacement
Awesome Trash Can!	positive	Awesome	Trash Can
Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.	positive	wonderful	product
It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).	positive	considerably down	regular trash cans
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.	positive	works great	sensor
I even like changing the bag.	positive	like	bag
However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.	positive	don't notice	trash
One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.	positive	have not noticed any	smells
Great Trash can for the money	positive	Great	Trash can
I have had this for about a month now and Trash can works great.	positive	works great	it
It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it.	positive	larger	last one
For the money this is a great buy.	positive	great buy	money
We like can	positive	like	it
we are happy with can.	positive	happy	it
YES. BUY garbage can IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.	positive	BUY	IT
This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place.	positive	saved my messy room	garbage can
garbage can is very sturdy, and has very nice quality.	positive	very nice	quality
it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course garbage can is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say.	positive	MINI	it
Anyway, yes garbage can is very nice, and holds a lot.	positive	holds a lot	it
Nice little waste can.	positive	little	waste can
We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.	positive	good	quality
Great little trash can!	positive	little	trash can
This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!	positive	perfect	trash can
Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.	positive	extra convenient	handle
Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.	positive	true to how it looks in the picture	purple color
Excited about a garbage can?	positive	Excited	garbage can
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.	positive	expensive	price tag
The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.	positive	great	locking lid
The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).	positive	fit very nicely	13 gallon bags
LOVE outdoor trash bags for our pool area	positive	LOVE	IT
Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected.	positive	larger	capacity
It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes).	positive	cinch	put together
Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio.	positive	beautiful	looks
the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.	positive	great addition	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.	positive	perfect	size
Great buy at a great price	positive	great	price
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why garbage can threw me off.	positive	threw me off	it
Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for.	positive	perfect	size
If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!	positive	you need!	garbage
fits under a massage table	positive	fits	massage table
Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed.	positive	fits	massage bed
I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.	positive	easy	open
Great product!	positive	Great	product
The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.	positive	snap to assemble	box
The sensor is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	sensor
Works great.	positive	great	Works
Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin.	positive	Plus	13 gallon bin
Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.	positive	can buy	standard size trash can bags
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.	positive	worked great	This
I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.	positive	also get stinky	more expensive diaper pails
This can is nice and narrow.	positive	narrow	can
It fits into just about any narrow crevice.	positive	fits into just about any narrow crevice	It
If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.	positive	perfect	this
It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.	positive	chalky	purple
The picture is very accurate.	positive	very accurate	picture
Favorite trash can	positive	Favorite	trash can
Thick material.	positive	Thick	material
Colors are great.	positive	great	Colors
Score another win for simplehuman!	positive	another win	simplehuman
As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look.	positive	proud owner	simplehuman butterfly trash can
Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great.	positive	great	looks
Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal.	positive	Love the ease	bags
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.	positive	loved	slide lock
We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.	positive	very nice	looks
I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty.	positive	nasty	old litter pail
I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping).	positive	twice the cost	diaper pails
So far this has been great.	positive	great	this
There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut.	positive	fits quite well	lid
It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can.	positive	floored me	10 year warranty
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but trash can suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.	positive	suits our purposes perfectly	it
So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.	positive	give this trash can a look	trash can
Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!	positive	PERFECT	trash can
I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here!	positive	designed	lid
Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.lid's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it.	positive	Nice little whirling	sound
Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time!	positive	should last for years	D"batteries
It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!).	positive	tightly and neatly	any type of bag
Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up.	positive	right amount	overhang
Great step can	positive	Great	step can
Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps.	positive	really helps	locking feature
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.	positive	slender	can
It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.	positive	doesn't take up much space	It
Glad we made this purchase.	positive	Glad	purchase
Cool garbage can	positive	Cool	garbage can
Very sharp looking garbage can.	positive	Very sharp looking	garbage can
Easy to change bags.	positive	Easy	bags
I love the motion sensor open feature.	positive	love	motion sensor open feature
garbage can has become quite the conversation piece when company is over.	positive	conversation piece	It
Price is also a big plus.	positive	big plus	Price
I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this.	positive	still on the batteries that came with this	batteries
I love this can.	positive	love	can
It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can.	positive	love	functionality
I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid.	positive	amazed	automatic lid
Skipping around about a garbage can!	positive	Skipping around	garbage can
I'm really happy with this purchase!	positive	really happy	purchase
The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!	positive	great	kitchen can
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.	positive	don't fit real cleanly	trash bags/liners
I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.	positive	just fine	function
Great trash can!	positive	Great	trash can
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!	positive	so does everyone	new trash can
Shadows even keep it open.	positive	Shadows even keep it open	it
Great quality and it looks great!	positive	Great	quality
I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.	positive	replace	platic step on container
This can is great for its value.	positive	great	can
It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.	positive	contains the odor well	odor
Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.	positive	find new ways	can
fits grocery bags well	positive	fits grocery bags well	grocery bags
Love it!!!	positive	Love	it
Love it!	positive	Love	it
So much better than any others I have had!	positive	better than	others
I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that trashcan is locking and claims to be child and pet proof.	positive	child and pet proof	it
Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!	positive	Perfect	trash
I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.	positive	locking	lid
We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.	positive	SO PLEASED	purchase
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.	positive	serves its purpose	it
The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.	positive	glad	Grey
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.	positive	great	Amazon
We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.	positive	attractive	trash can
This is it - it's perfect.	positive	perfect	This
It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.	positive	5 minutes max	assemble
The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.	positive	haven't had problems	trash bin
We are very pleased with this purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea.	positive	sick	old trash cans
They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom.	positive	perfect	sizes
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.	positive	far better	garbage can
It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.	positive	quick	emptying
The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.	positive	lifts easily	top
I am very pleased with my purchase.	positive	very pleased	purchase
Great price for both.	positive	Great	price
Works well and batteries don't run out too fast.	positive	don't run out too fast	batteries
Easy to clean.	positive	Easy	clean
Motion sensor works really good.	positive	works really good	Motion sensor
Arrived fast and undamaged.	positive	undamaged	Arrived
I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
This basket is sturdy and well made.	positive	well made	basket
It's light and easy to handle and very well made.	positive	easy	handle
I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.	positive	don't have to lift	lid
I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.	positive	highly recommend	trash can
Thanks iTouchless!	positive	Thanks	iTouchless
And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.	positive	3 days	trash can
You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.	positive	fast	shipping
They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.	positive	large enough	They
They clean easily.	positive	easily	clean
This trash can solves both problems.	positive	solves both problems	trash can
The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.	positive	takes care of the smell	deodorizer
Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.	positive	love	lid
it is a nice trash can.	positive	nice	trash can
Great alternative to SimpleHuman	positive	Great alternative	SimpleHuman
I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.	positive	two compartments	trash bin
The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.	positive	too much	SimpleHuman
This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.	positive	larger	compartments
I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.	positive	no complaints	sensor
Nice trash can	positive	Nice	trash can
I really like this trash can.	positive	really like	trash can
The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.	positive	deep enough	lid
well built	positive	well	built
I have owned others like this, but none work as well.	positive	none work as well	work
It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!	positive	well	built
I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon.	positive	really love	product
Very please with both products.	positive	Very please	products
Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !	positive	Easy	put together
It went together fast.RonDover, Pa	positive	fast	went together
Seems like a solid product..	positive	solid	product
I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.	positive	couldn't be happier	trash can
Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.	positive	cheap	Looks
It's easy to put the bags in and out.	positive	easy	bags
I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.	positive	unattrative	manual trash cans
Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen	positive	doesnt stink up	kitchen
Well made/durable product.	positive	Well made/durable	product
Easy to instal.	positive	Easy	instal
Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.	positive	little effort	Slides
My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.	positive	hasnt done	no cover
I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!	positive	recommend	it
Love Product!	positive	Love	it
Product works great.	positive	works great	Product
The free small trash can works even better than the large one!	positive	better	large one
Love Product, Love it, Love it!	positive	Love	it
Love it, Love Product, Love it!	positive	Love	it
Love it, Love it, Love Product!	positive	Love	it
The best trash bin EVER	positive	best	trash bin
This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years.	positive	best	trash bin
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.	positive	great conversation piece	trash bin
I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.	positive	do not hold up	rubber ones
This wastebasket is working perfectly.	positive	working perfectly	wastebasket
Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	positive	Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	trash can
This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.	positive	didn't work as well	foot pedal one
Love the iTouchless.	positive	Love	iTouchless
I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.	positive	good	product
If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!	positive	DON'T WAIT!	it
Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!	positive	snaps shut	it
Great trash can, works flawlessly.	positive	flawlessly	works
I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor.	positive	not had a problem	sensor
It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity.	positive	fill it to about 75%	regular kitchen trash bag
Very good product, would recommend to everyone.	positive	recommend	product
Like it	positive	Like	it
I like that I can lock it on top.	positive	lock	it
The trash can met my expectations.	positive	met my expectations	trash can
Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old!	positive	wonderful	locking feature
Overall a great purchase though!	positive	great	purchase
Just the right size	positive	right	size
One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.	positive	works out very well	it
I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.	positive	do not even need to use	scent basket
Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom	positive	Small	Trash Can
I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank.	positive	exceded my expectations	it
The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.	positive	TEN YEAR WARRANTY	Simplehuman
Will never go back to a regular trash can again...	positive	never go back	regular trash can
The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).	positive	longer	regular waste can
I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.	positive	can't blame	machine
I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.	positive	amazed	iTouchless
You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.	positive	just wave your hand	lid
Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.	positive	great	Battery life
The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.	positive	hidden	trash bag
Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.	positive	superb	trash can
Nothing wrong with can!	positive	Nothing wrong	this
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of can's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.	positive	sturdy/durable	pieces
Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), can slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.	positive	sturdy/durable	pieces
Forget all of those expensive diaper pails	positive	Forget	diaper pails
This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.	positive	best	purchases
You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.	positive	stick	odor controllers
The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.	positive	sturdy	it
It fit well when assembled.	positive	fit well	It
I like the fact that the lid has a latch.	positive	like	latch
Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.	positive	dry	unit
Overall great purchase for the price.	positive	great	purchase
Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)	positive	Perfect	Trash Can
We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out.	positive	never strong enough	ones with levers
The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews.	positive	perfect	trash can
I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but trash can is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented.	positive	as strong as	other metal trash can
We have had absolutely no problems with iTouchless; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim.	positive	have not seen any cracks	plastic rim
It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break.	positive	pretty solid	plastic
So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.	positive	well	works
Very nice product, highly recommend product to others.	positive	highly recommend	it
5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks!	positive	Totally worth	10 bucks
Love product.	positive	Love	it
I cannot live without this garbage can!	positive	cannot live without	garbage can
I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong.	positive	going strong	trash can
The pedal has not failed.	positive	has not failed	pedal
I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet trash can's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables.	positive	large enough	it
I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well.	positive	fit really well	13 gallon trash bags
I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily.	positive	round shape	trash
I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel.	positive	sufficient amount	trash
Best trash can ever	positive	Best	trash can
I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in trash can's great.	positive	great	it
For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.	positive	easy	hose implements
great vacuum, great price	positive	great	price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.	positive	picks up pet hair great	pet hair
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!	positive	cleaner than ever!	floors
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.	positive	works great	thing
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!	positive	good deal!	Costco
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!	positive	very happy	Hoover
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.	positive	pleasure	using
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.	positive	perfect	cobwebs
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.	positive	almost any store	Hoover bags
Never a Better Vacuum	positive	Never a Better	Vacuum
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.	positive	like a charm	works
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.	positive	gets sucked up with no problem	hair
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.	positive	keeps on sucking up	dirt
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!	positive	WORKS!!!	Vacuum Cleaner
Love it!	positive	Love	it
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.	positive	effective	machine
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!	positive	found it	Hoover floormate
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.	positive	streak free	floors
Easy fix for no suction	positive	Easy	fix
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.	positive	light	use
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.	positive	easy trouble shoot	service group
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.	positive	solution	hose
Powerful for its size	positive	Powerful	size
I am very happy with its performance.	positive	very happy	performance
Powerful for its size.	positive	Powerful	size
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.	positive	right	accessories
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.	positive	great	dirt devil
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.	positive	ideal	quick refresh
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.	positive	like	machine
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.	positive	tremendous	suction power
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.	positive	little dust getting away	dust
This vac picks it all up and darned well.	positive	darned well	vac
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.	positive	great job	upholstery
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.	positive	hardly do better	vacuum
We Love this Vacuum	positive	Love	Vacuum
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.	positive	easy	clean
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.	positive	Great	suction power
auto retracting cord makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.	positive	reccomend	product
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price	positive	GOOD	Vacuum price
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.	positive	VERY inexpensive	vacuum
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.	positive	right	priced
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.	positive	puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight	this one
Nobody does it like you!	positive	Thanx	Hoover
Best "stick" vacuum ever!	positive	Best "stick" vacuum ever!	stick" vacuum
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.	positive	still going strong	battery
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!	positive	easy	maneuver
We highly recommend this vacuum.	positive	highly recommend	vacuum
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best	positive	the best	this
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.	positive	horrible	vacuum
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.	positive	so far, so good	this one
It 'feels' better than others.	positive	better than	others
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.	positive	fairly light weight	it
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.	positive	good location	hose/tube
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!	positive	really happy	it
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.	positive	like it so much	it
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.	positive	easy to use	hose
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.	positive	works great	it
best cordless stick vacuum	positive	best	cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much	positive	like that one very much	small hand vacuum
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...	positive	nothing that can't be improvised	hose
I love little vacuum!!!!	positive	love	it
A little vacuum with big power!	positive	big	power
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!	positive	great	vacuum cleaner
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).	positive	died	Shark vacuums
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!vacuum cleaner is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.	positive	great	item
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!	positive	wonderful	purchase
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.	positive	excellent	price
Batteries are great.	positive	great	Batteries
The charge on these batteries is good.	positive	good	batteries
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!	positive	lack of	suction power
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.	positive	excellent	suction power
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.	positive	don't have to bend down all the time	roll-up hook
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.	positive	does the job well	It
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.	positive	arrived quickly	Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.	positive	get rid of	odors
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.	positive	so glad	vac
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.	positive	wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year	filters
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get vac.	positive	get	this one
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).	positive	great	line
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.	positive	will be purchasing	same vac
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.	positive	amazing job	crumbs
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.	positive	doesnt have	huge head
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.	positive	easily	clean
its so small and compact and easy to store.	positive	easy	store
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.	positive	very well thought out	pull out extended reach tube
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.	positive	good job	motor
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.	positive	perfectly	designed
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.	positive	recommend	this model
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.	positive	great	cushions
Two batteries a plus!	positive	plus!	Two batteries
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.	positive	lasted more than 5 years	former
Great machine and deal!	positive	Great	machine
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.	positive	great	reviews
I love Vac .	positive	love	it
Lite to use but strong power.	positive	strong	power
The attachments work great.	positive	work great	attachments
Very easy to empty dust cup.	positive	Very easy	dust cup
Wonderful Vacuum	positive	Wonderful	Vacuum
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.	positive	got the vacuum very fast	vacuum
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!	positive	can't believe how well	picks up
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!	positive	gone	hair
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!	positive	works just as beautifully	furniture
What a great purchase!	positive	great	purchase
Great Little Machine	positive	Great	Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.	positive	not do anything at all	cordless dustbuster
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.	positive	rivals	Dyson
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.	positive	get all angles of each stair	spinning brushes
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...	positive	reaches easily	20 ft. cord
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.	positive	quick	clean up
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.	positive	life getting loads easier	hose
but overall i would say it is worth the money.	positive	worth the money	it
When first got it the suction was great.	positive	great	suction
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	positive	SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	This thing
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!	positive	YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!!	vacuum
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.	positive	learned from the mistakes	Shark
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.	positive	Designed	vacuum
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.	positive	flexible	hose
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.	positive	turn off automatically	brushes
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.	positive	easy	detach
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.	positive	to carry around	cleaner unit
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.	positive	change the angle	brush
Best stick vac yet	positive	Best	stick vac
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.	positive	best	stick vac
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).	positive	quieter	Dirt Devil
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.	positive	handheld	furniture
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.	positive	without any power loss	two bathrooms
This one's a keeper.	positive	keeper	This one
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!	positive	SMALL	It
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.	positive	take up 2 closets	4 vacuum
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!	positive	super easy!	Filter access
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!	positive	very easy	Rolls around
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.	positive	still not half or a third as loud	previous vacuums
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!	positive	ONLY way to go!	Upward pointing exhaust
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.	positive	easy	job
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.	positive	amazingly well	Works
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!	positive	made obsolete my entire vacuum collection! :)	This thing
This vaccum sucks!!!!	positive	sucks!!!!	vaccum
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!	positive	wonderful!!!!!	vaccum
This is the best stick vac ive owned.	positive	best	stick vac
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.	positive	workable	cord
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!	positive	best!!	vac
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.	positive	made my carpets feel like new again	carpets
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.	positive	wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house	hoover
Great for Pet Hair	positive	Great	Pet Hair
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.	positive	very aggressive	brush roll
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.	positive	no problem	pet hair
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.	positive	hard to find	price range
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.	positive	best I have ever used	turbobrush
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.	positive	good choice	Cleanveiw
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.	positive	this is the way to go	department store vacuum under $100
Pleased with this product	positive	Pleased	product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.	positive	very pleased	performance
I would like product a bit quieter, but the suction is good.	positive	good	suction
I love the automatic cord wind up.	positive	love	automatic cord wind up
The Hoover stick works very well.	positive	works very well	Hoover stick
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.	positive	suficent	suction
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.	positive	can handle any carpet	power head
Love the ease of use.	positive	ease	use
Grab the Linx!	positive	Grab the Linx	Linx
Grab the Linx Cleaner!	positive	Grab the Linx Cleaner	Linx Cleaner
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.	positive	so easy to clean out	dirt cup
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.	positive	just can't say enough good things	vacuum cleaner
BUY THIS VACUUM!	positive	BUY THIS VACUUM!	VACUUM
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?	positive	positive	reviews
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.	positive	junk and junk	lightweight" handhelds
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.	positive	simple	dump out
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!	positive	stores up its backside - no kidding!	crevice tool attachment
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.	positive	hear an angelic chorus	this thing
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.	positive	can fit anywhere	it
Easy to use, and empty.	positive	Easy	empty
Works great!	positive	great!	Works
Has a lot of power.	positive	a lot of	power
Happy with it.	positive	Happy	it
Great price, would recommend to anyone.	positive	Great	price
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.	positive	very heavy	Dyson wand
I use it for the whole house!	positive	whole house	it
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.	positive	super	molding
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!	positive	house warming gift	this
I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and Wonder Washer paid for itself quickly.	positive	paid for itself quickly	it
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!	positive	real life saver	Wonder Washer
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!	positive	still running strong!	little washer
I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job!	positive	really does a great job!	it
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.	positive	feel	suction
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and dirty clothes are nice and clean.	positive	clean	they
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.	positive	significantly less	washer
This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.	positive	pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!	clothes
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA	positive	LOVE	PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.	positive	very easy	use
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.	positive	clean	normal washing machine
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.	positive	will eventualy pay for it's self	Panda
Works good.	positive	good	Works
Other than that, it's a good product overall.	positive	Other than that, it's a good product overall	product
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.	positive	still works great	it
But it is better than you would expect.	positive	better than you would expect	it
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!	positive	Excellent	washer
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.	positive	very happy	washer
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)	positive	perfect	condition
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.	positive	breeze	connect
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.	positive	quiet	machine
I recommend it highly!	positive	recommend it highly!	it
You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.	positive	mama's little helper	this
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.	positive	visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff	laundramat
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.	positive	AAA+ fast	company
I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube.	positive	fantastic gift	this
I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!	positive	A+ Excellent	reviews
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded	positive	Well If Not Overloaded	Works
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.	positive	very pleased	product
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.	positive	perfectly	works
They smell so fresh.	positive	fresh	smell
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.	positive	easy	lift
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!	positive	LOVE	MACHINE
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.	positive	fits perfectly	machine
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.	positive	easy	using
Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver!	positive	true money saver	it
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.	positive	almost dry	clothes
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.	positive	great	washer
Aquarium tubing works great.	positive	works great	Aquarium tubing
Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers.	positive	high efficiency	washers
Tide makes a good one.	positive	good one	Tide
have not used it yet just got it today, but dryer looks like it is going to do the job.	positive	going to do the job	it
Useful little machine	positive	Useful	little machine
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.	positive	really does a good job	little guy
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.	positive	great	Works
good product	positive	good	product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.	positive	especially	light clothes
My wife and I are satisfied with it.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.	positive	happy	it
I had no problems with the return.	positive	no problems	return
The replacement works fine.	positive	works fine	replacement
I absolutely love this product!	positive	absolutely love	product
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.	positive	works great	It
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.	positive	absolutely recommend	wonder washer
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.	positive	wonderful	Washes
I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues.	positive	no over-sudsing issues	Arm & Hammer liquid
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.	positive	much earlier	came
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!	positive	easy	hooked up
Haier Compact Washer's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.	positive	love	it
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love Haier Compact Washer.	positive	love	it
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!	positive	love	it
Wonderful Little Washer	positive	Wonderful	Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.	positive	good all around	washer
wonderful machine	positive	wonderful	machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.	positive	great job	machine
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.	positive	came out well	king size
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.	positive	has paid for itself several times over	it
I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball.	positive	don't have to wait to add softener	Downy fabric softener ball
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.	positive	great	works
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.	positive	low	drycleaning
I like this washer a lot.	positive	a lot	washer
I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.	positive	helps a lot	spin dryer
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.	positive	saving trips	laundromat
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.	positive	as advertised	works
Love the machine.	positive	Love	machine
Love the features!	positive	Love	features
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!	positive	rocks!!!	amazon
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.	positive	well know	website
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.	positive	cheaper	other websites
Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time.	positive	both at the same time	got
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.	positive	super easy	Hooking up
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.	positive	so surprised how much	fit
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.	positive	all my laundry done	just 3 loads
washer was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious.	positive	very quiet	It
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!	positive	work perfectly!	Downey ball
Largest wash load took only about 45min.	positive	only about 45min	Largest wash load
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.	positive	very happy	price
Don't Think About It...Just Buy washer!!	positive	Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!	It
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.	positive	within one day	delivery
I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me.	positive	loved	tested
This is good because you know washer is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking.	positive	no creative rethinking	instructions
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.	positive	pretty straight forward	rolling casters
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get hose in perfect with no spraying etc.	positive	get it in perfect	it
hose comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet.	positive	various	size adapters
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.	positive	worked great	kitchen faucet
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.	positive	amazing	washer
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.	positive	quiet	spin cycleI
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.	positive	my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear	machine
I took them out and was pleased to see that pair of white shorts were back to their normal self.	positive	back to their normal self	they
machine gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.	positive	gets everything clean in one wash	It
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.	positive	best	purchase
I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it.	positive	able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like	clothes
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.	positive	No more hauling	clothes
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!	positive	LOVE	it
This is one nifty little machine.	positive	nifty	little machine
It's very easy to assemble and operate.	positive	very easy	operate
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.	positive	not impossible	plate
The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred.	positive	preferred	casters
That helps tremendously with balanced loads.	positive	helps tremendously	loads
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.	positive	easy to connect	hoses
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!	positive	hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly	water hose
The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off.	positive	pretty powerful stream	water
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.	positive	wonderful	little machine
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.	positive	does what the big boys does	It
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.	positive	how well it cleaned	clothes
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.	positive	smooth	operation
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.	positive	simple	understand
I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale.	positive	quality tested	machine
Great little machine	positive	Great	little machine
I use it for my kids clothes and machine is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house!	positive	WONDERFUL	it
Easy to set up and works great!	positive	great!	works
At this price this thing is well worth the money.	positive	well worth the money	thing
I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected.	positive	does what I expected	5 gallon bucket
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...	positive	does get everything else out	it
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.	positive	last longer	clothes
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.	positive	less than ten minutes	small load
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.	positive	saves electricity	muscle-power
I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms.	positive	worked well	washboard
This thing is great.	positive	great	This thing
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.	positive	out of my clothing	detergent
I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin.	positive	definitely recommend	this
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.	positive	less work	traditional hand washing
Great product.	positive	Great	product
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .	positive	gets tough stains out :)	it
the best back pack washer	positive	best	back pack washer
a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.	positive	little extra room	washer
How did I live without it??	positive	How did I live without it??	it
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).	positive	VERY expensive	laundry room
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!	positive	better	the ones in the laundry room
I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither.	positive	we have neither	noise problem
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear washer in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome.	positive	awesome	it
We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so washer's awesome.	positive	awesome	it
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!	positive	not that small	capacity
In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC...	positive	4 crib sheets	regular load
So, washer does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.	positive	does fit a good amount	it
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!	positive	would buy another	machine
If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.	positive	is just the thing	this
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.	positive	really saves me time	it
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.	positive	takes me a fourth of the time	it
Just follow instructions and it works great!	positive	works great!	it
It's done everything it said it would do.	positive	done everything it said it would	It
I can highly recommend it to my friends.	positive	highly recommend	it
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and purchase is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.	positive	very useful	it
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.	positive	not displeased	purchase
It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!	positive	holds MORE then we thought	It
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.	positive	get way to wash clothes	this
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.	positive	fresher looking	clothes
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.	positive	works out fine	it
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .	positive	comparable	bigger washers
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .	positive	so much that you can do	little washer
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.	positive	life saver	item
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.	positive	awesome	concept
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!	positive	great concept	unit
Great little washer - Love it !	positive	Love	it
This machine is a very good investment.	positive	very good investment	machine
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.	positive	nice	beep signal
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).	positive	IT'S VERY QUIET	noise
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.	positive	simple	hook-up instructions
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!	positive	definitely not true	this machine
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).	positive	able to wash	full size sheets
If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.	positive	little engine that could	it
I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place.	positive	absolutely perfect!	longer cycle
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.	positive	quiet	spin
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.	positive	very happy	purchase
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.	positive	worked fine	thin cotton tshirts
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.	positive	successfully cleaning	pee
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.	positive	good	detergent
Happy with my purchase	positive	Happy	purchase
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.	positive	modern	looked
Works exactly as advertised	positive	exactly as advertised	Works
While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either.	positive	doesn't claim to be	it
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.	positive	not find any of the materials to be cheaply made	materials
Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary.	positive	found none to be necessary	assembly instructions
I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse.	positive	5 minutes or less	assembled
