This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.	negative	not turn on immediately	on/off button
Also the clock kept losing the time.	negative	losing the time	clock
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.	negative	electronic flaw	first one
I just wish it came with a carafe.	negative	wish	carafe
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.	negative	already rusted after only one month	coffee filter
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.	negative	really odd	screw
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.	negative	drains	water
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.	negative	issue	water level
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.	negative	inconveniences	this one
Great espresso machine with a few cons	negative	few cons	espresso machine
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.	negative	two minor issues	machine
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.	negative	shaken loose and leak	water tank
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.	negative	may overheat	machine
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.	negative	weird tasting	coffee
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..	negative	bit flimsy	level
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.	negative	catching fire.	model
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.	negative	makes a better cup	espresso
kind of a pain to operate this thing.	negative	pain	thing
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.	negative	really miss	melitta
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....	negative	seems small	size
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.	negative	don't like	total height
pot not working.	negative	not working	pot
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.	negative	wouldn't come out	water
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away	negative	apalling	customer service
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.	negative	leaking water	10 months of use
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).	negative	half the price of the machine new	de Longhi warranty
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.	negative	SO unfair	replacement machine
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.	negative	couldn't care less	firm
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.	negative	reluctant	The Scoop
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.	negative	about to go on e Bay	Keurig
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.	negative	hard to twist	lid
I found it cumbersome to operate.	negative	cumbersome	operate
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.	negative	guess	water
The design is irritating beyond belief.	negative	irritating beyond belief	design
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.	negative	vacuum sealed on there	it
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.	negative	untwist	pouring
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.	negative	slower	plain ole pot
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.	negative	snapped into place	coffee basin lid
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.	negative	not accurate	4-cup description
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then espresso machine just stopped heating water.	negative	stopped heating water	it
I called the company and they said that espresso machine was not repairable and to toss it out.	negative	toss it out	it
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss espresso machine out.	negative	toss it out	it
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.	negative	not very consistent	espresso
We use the same brand, and sometimes espresso comes out without a crema.	negative	comes out without a crema	it
great espresso but no room for larger cup	negative	no room	larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.	negative	no room	larger cup
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!	negative	not usable	coffee maker
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.	negative	dark scum	machine
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?	negative	backing up	reservoir
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.	negative	no longer purchase	Amazon
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.	negative	do not work properly	three buttons
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.	negative	flooded mess	coffee grounds
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.	negative	leak	carafe
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.	negative	rely on	new one
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.	negative	solid	coffee maker
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -	negative	RUN... Don't walk	coffee maker
Great concept - Terrible execution!	negative	Terrible	execution
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.	negative	slide all over	counter
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.	negative	MUST hold it when dispensing	it
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.	negative	seriously flawed	condensation issue
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.	negative	water everywhere	cover
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.	negative	kinda funky	internal tank
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.	negative	very hard to clean	crannies
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.	negative	only	1.5 good size mugs of coffee
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.	negative	ALL the condensation goes directly back	reservoir
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.	negative	attract rancid flavors	oily beans
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.	negative	can't have it turn on automatically	it
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.	negative	NOISY	It
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into Cuisinart due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.	negative	hard to pour water	it
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.	negative	not as large as	imposing pictures
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.	negative	saturated with steam	grinder
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.	negative	MORE plastic	Proctor Silex
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.	negative	endocrine disruptors	carafe
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.	negative	12 minutes	brew cycle
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.	negative	irritating	alarm
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.	negative	still going strong	$25 Proctor Silex
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.	negative	not recommend	maker
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.	negative	just died	coffee maker
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?	negative	piece of junk	coffee maker
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.	negative	more easily visible	clock
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.	negative	would turn off	brewing
Today coffee pot won't turn on :(.	negative	won't turn on :(	it
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.	negative	only gets "adequately" hot	water
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.	negative	mess	Gevalia Grounds
It just recently started leaking..	negative	started leaking	It
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker	negative	Poor Choice	Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.	negative	difficult	pour
This has to be a design flaw.	negative	flaw	design
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).	negative	require a towel	pot
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.	negative	pull out in other positions	steam wand
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.	negative	splattered	purchase
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.	negative	weak	coffee
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.	negative	runs down the side	liquid
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.	negative	splashed	it
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.	negative	thin	glass
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.	negative	for four months	coffee
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.	negative	substandard	Melita
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.	negative	dribbler	carafe
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	automatic timer
Get a cheaper one	negative	Get a cheaper one	cheaper one
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.	negative	half the money	Mr. Coffee
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.	negative	always drips	carafe
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.	negative	burned taste	coffee
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.	negative	narrow	opening
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.	negative	very short	power cable
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.	negative	narrow	opening
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.	negative	drawback	temperature
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.	negative	acting up	auto shut down
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.	negative	shuts off directly	timer
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.	negative	not hot enough	creamer
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.	negative	loud	heating source
Not happy with this item at all.	negative	Not happy	item
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.	negative	cheaper	filters
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew	negative	Don't Buy	Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.	negative	wouldn't give this to my worst enemy	this
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.	negative	AWFUL	PRODUCT
Wish I had read other reviews	negative	Wish I had read	reviews
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.	negative	excape	steam
It only produced 16 oz.	negative	only	16 oz
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!	negative	horrible	coffee
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.	negative	hard to grip	Carafe lid top
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.	negative	wouldn't be worth much more	70$ knife set
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.	negative	rough	notches
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.	negative	did not like	scissors
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.	negative	still going strong	Another set
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.	negative	thought were good	ja henkel knives
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.	negative	comfortable	feel
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.	negative	missing	4 steak knives
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.	negative	fall off	corn
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.	negative	too sharp	knife
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.	negative	missing	block
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!	negative	rusted after one use!!	first knife
If you dont wash and dry these knives off directly after using them you probably wont have them long.	negative	wont have them long	these knives
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.	negative	smaller	plastic utensils
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.	negative	challenge	meatball
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.	negative	gouges	blades edge
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.	negative	discolored	another knife
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.	negative	NOT as advertised	knives
knives showed spots after a couple of washings!	negative	spots	They
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.	negative	don't show spots	cheapest grocery store purchased knives
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.	negative	gray color	scouring pad
Guess knives were simply stainless steel coated.	negative	stainless steel coated	they
Don't buy these knives.	negative	Don't buy	knives
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.	negative	only gripe	12 and 23 piece sets
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood	negative	junk	Handles
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.	negative	unsharpable	blades
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.	negative	a touch elusive	products
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.	negative	they are not	ginsu knives
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.	negative	little disappointed	bamboo handle teaspoons
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.	negative	total shame	not stainless steel
Bought this set so that I could use it on Thanksgiving but realized after cutting up my turkey for left overs that the larger knife ended up having ridges on the blade from bending.	negative	ridges	blade
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!	negative	unable to use it again! :-(	knife
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!	negative	NOT a Japanese-made	product
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).	negative	Chinese-made, inferior quality	product
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.	negative	negative effect	quality of cuts
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).	negative	HORRIBLE	stains
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.	negative	stain	blades
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").	negative	highly-stained steel	blades' material
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.	negative	smudgy	knife-handles
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.	negative	not recommend	product
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.	negative	lies	company
That is just not true with this product.	negative	That is just not true	product
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!	negative	should be ashamed	Consumer Reports magazine
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.	negative	only wish I could get a box	forks
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.	negative	not the sharpest	knives
The biggest problem is that I bought them about a year and a half ago and they pretty much started rusting immediately.	negative	started rusting immediately	they
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.	negative	save yourself the hassle and your money	name
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.	negative	biggest pieces of crap	Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.	negative	would slice better	they
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.	negative	awful	experience
Two days of sitting in the sink with other dirty dishes (don't judge)they had already rusted.	negative	had already rusted	they
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are going back.	negative	going back	These
knife are crap.	negative	crap	They
Don't waste your time or your money on these.	negative	waste	money
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.	negative	didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp	these knives
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.	negative	returned	these
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.	negative	look rusty	blades
My only complaint is the edge.	negative	only complaint	edge
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter	negative	broke in half	Bread knife
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, bread knife broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.	negative	broke	blade
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.	negative	made it longer	Farberware set
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.	negative	embarassing	This
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.	negative	garbage	international ones
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.	negative	suppose to be stainless	blades
Nice oven with a few drawbacks	negative	few drawbacks	oven
Operating noise is very low.	negative	very low	noise
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.	negative	biggest complaint	noise
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.	negative	eight times	power level
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.	negative	nine times	Quick Min" button
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.	negative	make sure the key you pressed actually activated	beep function
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.	negative	heat things too much	reheat mode
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.	negative	stainless	Local dealers
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.	negative	no quality	manufacturer
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.	negative	never base a purchasing decision	brand name
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.	negative	incorrect	dimensions
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.	negative	barely fit	bacon
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.	negative	lower	wattage
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.	negative	higher wattage	one
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but microwave's a little too small for our needs.	negative	little too small	it
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.	negative	had stopped working	it
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.	negative	m afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works	functionality
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.	negative	little on the noisy side	It
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.	negative	stupid	button
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.	negative	very mediocre	user interface
This is good, but the button is stupid.	negative	stupid	button
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.	negative	6 times	power button
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.	negative	Not as quick	old uWave
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)	negative	doesn't document this feature very well, really	feature
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.	negative	could easily be so much better	user interface
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile	negative	disrupt my internet service	it
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.	negative	seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat	10 year old GE
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."	negative	not sure that is going to fit	that
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.	negative	twice	price
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.	negative	runs a little long	Popcorn setting
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.	negative	doesn't come on until you power on	light
product good - shipment no	negative	no	shipment
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.	negative	broken off	wheels
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.	negative	more expensive	microwave
It barely made it 4 months.	negative	barely made it 4 months	It
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.	negative	total piece of garbage	This
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.	negative	failed	it
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but microwave generates NO heat whatsoever.	negative	generates NO heat whatsoever	it
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.	negative	they will not accept a return	amazon
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for microwave.	negative	doesn't seem to be any warranty	it
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.	negative	terrible	return policy
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.	negative	only negative	unit
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.	negative	avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges	small touch pad
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.	negative	would be nice to be able to turn it down or off	beep volume
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.	negative	isn't five-star-perfect	unit
Terrible Product - Don't Buy	negative	Terrible	Product
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.	negative	4 weeks	repair shop
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.	negative	not worth the wait	Panasonic warranty and repair shops
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.	negative	problem	product
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.	negative	can't believe	quality
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.	negative	Needless to say...I will not be purchasing	Panasonic Microwave
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.	negative	bit big	Its
Never Buy Panasonic again	negative	Never Buy	Panasonic
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.	negative	went out	magnatron
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.	negative	2 weeks	microwave
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.	negative	went out again	magnatron
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.	negative	4 to 8 months	last
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.	negative	no way to turn it off	microwave door button
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.	negative	large	restocking" fees
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.	negative	failed much sooner	subsequent models
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.	negative	bit daunting	cost
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."	negative	bit louder	done signal
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.	negative	not* a benefit	control nob
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.	negative	big gripe	design
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.	negative	not an improved experience	control nob
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.	negative	pseudo-analog	power display
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.	negative	6 times	power button
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.	negative	bright	display
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.	negative	not quiet	It
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.	negative	regret the purchase	it
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.	negative	Should have stuck	tried-and-tested control setup
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model	negative	not as good as	earlier model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.	negative	disappointed	it
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.	negative	difficult	operate
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.	negative	flawlessly	previous unit
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.	negative	reduction	production quality
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.	negative	only be found on line	Panasonic NN-H965BF
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.	negative	expensive	microwave
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.	negative	hard to open	door
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.	negative	will not honor the warranty	Panasonic
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.	negative	just one year	this one
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls	negative	not enough	gradient controls
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.	negative	run time in whole minutes	minutes" button
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.	negative	prefer	knob
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.	negative	more regular cleaning	front panel
I am very disappointed with this unit!	negative	very disappointed	unit
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.	negative	whirring sound	shutdown
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.	negative	would make for much quieter operation	microwave technology
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.	negative	parts were not available	Panasonic authorized service dealer
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.	negative	stopped heating	microwave
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.	negative	not had the unit available for use for a month	unit
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!	negative	TERRIBLE	customer service
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!	negative	never order another	Panassonic product
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.	negative	bad loud ringing sound	Microwave
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").	negative	intercepted	Panasonic
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.	negative	messes up	reconstruction
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."	negative	won't take it back	Panasonic
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!	negative	buzzing	It
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS	negative	won't lift a finger	Panasonic
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: microwave is small, and I mean SMALL...	negative	small	it
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but microwave is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.	negative	too small	regular size bag of popcorn
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.	negative	forget about be happy	microwave
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is microwave just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.	negative	doesn't seem to like to stay	glass plate
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.	negative	cannot even fit	regular size bag of popcorn
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.	negative	hate that I spent good money	microwave
Should have gotten a different brand.	negative	Should have gotten	different brand
It just seems a little cheap?	negative	seems a little cheap	It
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.	negative	may break	it
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.	negative	don't last	Panasonic microwave
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.	negative	two years	most recent
Unevan Cooking and Loud	negative	Unevan	Cooking
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.	negative	very noisy	It
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.	negative	unevenly	cook
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.	negative	overcooked	second bowl
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.	negative	makes up it's mind to overcook or not	It
Microwave broken just after return window expired	negative	expired	return window
microwave broke yesterday.	negative	broke	It
Just after return window expired.	negative	expired	return window
Won't recommend Microwave.	negative	Won't recommend	it
Lacking specs	negative	Lacking	specs
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?	negative	no watt rating	watt rating
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?	negative	sizeless	it
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.	negative	Don't like	it
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.	negative	should be call cook	Defrost
OHHH, to have my old one back.	negative	have my old one back	old one
It's hard to see your food in this oven.	negative	hard to see	food
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.	negative	confusing	options
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.	negative	pop off the spinner	turntable
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking	negative	breaking	glass
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!	negative	cracked	glass
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.	negative	it never happened	prior microwave
First, the glass platter is broken.	negative	broken	glass platter
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.	negative	dangerous	microwave
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.	negative	disappointing drivel	response
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)	negative	don't care	machine
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.	negative	defective	product
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.	negative	not covered	warranty
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.	negative	gloss	black
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.	negative	NOISE	product
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.	negative	learning curve issue	bread products
Dim display screen	negative	Dim	display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.	negative	difficult to read	display
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.	negative	smuges/fingerprints	Replacement
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.	negative	different	door
That can move the oven if too vigorous.	negative	move	oven
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.	negative	noise	stopping
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.	negative	noise	stops
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.	negative	by no means as good as	more expensive model
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.	negative	loved	older one
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and oven stopped working.	negative	stopped working	it
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.	negative	gone	fuse
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.	negative	turned off	Panasonic microwave oven
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of Panasonic microwave oven worked for me.	negative	none of it worked	it
Tacky / non-retro microwave	negative	non-retro	microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.	negative	mistake	reviews
This oven might nuke just fine but oven is really cheap looking!	negative	cheap looking!	it
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.	negative	plastic chrome	it
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from oven.	negative	stay far, far, another galaxy away	this
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.	negative	so sensitive	darkness control
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.	negative	need a flashlight	items
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.	negative	costs $20.00 (plus shipping	replacement pan
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.	negative	much smaller	10" x 11" pan
Pray your toaster never fails	negative	Pray	toaster
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.	negative	failed	toaster
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.	negative	stopped working	right slots
I still had to pay to send the broken one.	negative	still had to pay	broken one
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.	negative	wrong	color
It cost me $14.15!	negative	$14.15!	cost
Not good customer service.	negative	Not good	customer service
It's not the easiest to clean, either.	negative	not the easiest	clean
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.	negative	not full flushed	metal part
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!	negative	burn	area
Ok, but not great quality	negative	not great	quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.	negative	weird	egg
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.	negative	basically worthless	toaster portion
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.	negative	still mostly frozen	Toaster Strudel
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.	negative	definitely going to be shopping	new toaster
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.	negative	larger	previous toaster
poor at toasting	negative	poor	toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	toaster
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	model
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.	negative	stays on perpetually	energy-waster light
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.	negative	NOTHING looks better	Dualit toaster
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.	negative	poorly toasted	toast
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.	negative	art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking	Dualit
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.	negative	bad	reviews
Does not toast evenly	negative	Does not toast evenly	toast
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.	negative	does not toast evenly	toaster
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.	negative	half toasted	bread
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.	negative	stay away	this one
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.	negative	feel fragile	controls
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.	negative	tends to dry out	toast
small oven is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.	negative	does not shut perfectly	glass door
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.	negative	frustrating	item
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.	negative	Coarse granularity	timer
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.	negative	15 seconds too long	setting 2
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.	negative	less than useful	toaster
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(	negative	would be ok if I could set it using a wider range	digital controls
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival	negative	Dead on Arrival	Black and Decker Toaster
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.	negative	cheap looking plastic	toaster body
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.	negative	pretty short	cord
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.	negative	would not descend down far enough	heating element
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.	negative	cheap looking	toaster
uneven toast	negative	uneven	toast
Doesn't toast evenly ever.	negative	Doesn't toast evenly ever	toast
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.	negative	will let heat out	bread
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, switch will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.	negative	have to keep an eye	oven part
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.	negative	caught on fire	toaster
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...	negative	1 star	rating
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.	negative	would return	it
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.	negative	little experimenting	works
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.	negative	wish I had never bought	toaster
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.	negative	expect inconsistency	$15 toaster
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.	negative	expect consistency	$40 toaster
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.	negative	hard to clean	heating element
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.	negative	would change	power cord
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!	negative	Volkswagon bug!	size
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - it was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.	negative	lack of temp. control	brand
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that Cuisinart does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi	negative	never ever had this problem	Delonghi
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.	negative	slightly overpriced	Russell Hobbs appliances
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.	negative	can't get the lever to come up	lever
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.	negative	unplug	toaster
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give toaster 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.	negative	inconvenient	cord
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.	negative	save your money	toaster
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.	negative	narrow	bread slots
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.	negative	burned	toast
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.	negative	threw the toaster out	toaster
This toaster is very cheaply made.	negative	cheaply made	toaster
The toasting was very uneven.	negative	very uneven	toasting
toaster gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.	negative	concern	plastic
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.	negative	would have been a good buy	original price
At the delivered price it is a fantastic help in this depression!	negative	fantastic help in this depression!	delivered price
Gimped Toaster	negative	Gimped	Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)	negative	cheaply made	toaster
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)	negative	poor	metal forging
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.	negative	never keeps the elements on	elements
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.	negative	shut off soon	element
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.	negative	bakes	toast setting
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)	negative	shattering	glass door
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)	negative	rub off	labels
Power cord is WAY too short.	negative	WAY too short	Power cord
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.	negative	avoid	unit
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.	negative	cruddy	toaster
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most	negative	more expensive	most
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.	negative	waste of time	toaster
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.	negative	does not work	one side
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.	negative	does not	website
The only thing is a i wish toaster oven was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.	negative	doesn't really close	door
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.	negative	weren't always consistent	settings
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.	negative	flimsy	mechanism
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.	negative	get stuck	things
Sometimes toaster wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.	negative	getting out of alignment	parts
It just isn't built that well.	negative	isn't built that well	built
Toastes very unevenly.	negative	very unevenly	Toastes
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.	negative	better	B & D
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.	negative	Burns	bread
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.	negative	fall	rack
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.	negative	hard to see	selector
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.	negative	small raised black line	It
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.	negative	not be able to set	heat settings
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.	negative	fire hazard	oven
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.	negative	worst	toaster oven
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.	negative	burns	bread
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.	negative	barely toasted	toast
Great idea, but it burns everything	negative	burns everything	it
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, oven burns everything put into the oven.	negative	burns	it
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.	negative	short	toaster slot
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, bread gets stuck.	negative	gets stuck	it
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	anything even slightly out of the ordinary
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service	negative	worse	customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.	negative	never worked	toaster
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.	negative	did not work	toaster timer
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.	negative	MANY burned	bread slices
Essentially their support is non-existant.	negative	non-existant	support
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.	negative	wasn't really an easy way	return
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.	negative	isn't reliable	this thing
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.	negative	bad	product
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.	negative	never buy	Cuisinart
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.	negative	aren't easy to read	dials
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.	negative	way too dark	toast
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.	negative	stainless steel	sides
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?	negative	little dark	toast
Short tail!	negative	Short	tail
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!	negative	very short	tail
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.	negative	barely reaches	cord
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down	negative	will not stay down	levers
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.	negative	good years	old B&D toaster oven
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.	negative	unfortunate feature	twist the dial toaster oven
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.	negative	don't get the same result	twist the dial
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.	negative	cheap	it
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.	negative	does not close very smoothly	door
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.	negative	beloved	toaster
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like lift levers might break at any moment.	negative	might break	they
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return replacement four slice Cuisinart and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.	negative	return	it
problem with the door.	negative	problem	door
returned to shop wise for a refund	negative	returned	shop wise
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect	negative	incorrect	measurements
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.	negative	barely lit up	right slots
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.	negative	ordered	different brand
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.	negative	bad	product
toaster toasts.  Just no Domo face.	negative	no	Domo face
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.	negative	not successfully	Domo's face
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.	negative	slow	it
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.	negative	second toasting can be needed	english muffins
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.	negative	does keep the crumbs	crumb tray
Uneven Toasting	negative	Uneven	Toasting
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!	negative	toast EVENLY!!!	white bread
My only problem with Proctor Silex is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.	negative	slip down	bread
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.	negative	did stop working	motion sensor
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.	negative	only complaint	on and off switch
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.	negative	concern	location
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.	negative	hate	lids
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.	negative	two drawbacks	item
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.	negative	could have a mess	can
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!	negative	perplexed	feature
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.	negative	only lasts for a few weeks	battery operated feature
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can	negative	Do Not Buy	Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.	negative	hate	garbage can
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.	negative	impossible	clean
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.	negative	lingering, festering smell pot	crannies
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.	negative	all aesthetic and no practicality	design
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.	negative	can't operate	automatic lid
returned first one now perfect	negative	returned	first one
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!	negative	bit pricey	trash can
I love this horribly overpriced trash can!	negative	horribly overpriced	thing
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected	negative	wasn't as firm	Spring
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."	negative	wilted	trash can
The only down side is the weight.	negative	down side	weight
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.	negative	wants to slip/slide	It
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.	negative	dump it twice a day	it
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size	negative	not really much use	size
Expensive garbage can	negative	Expensive	garbage can
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however garbage can is quite expensive.	negative	quite expensive	it
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.	negative	hard to fit	garbage bags
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.	negative	stinky	pee diapers
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.	negative	just terrible	engineering
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.	negative	go out	batteries
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.	negative	went out	new battery lid
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.	negative	gave up the ghost and died	battery compartment
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.	negative	toy	100$
Save your money on this item.	negative	Save your money	item
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.	negative	topped out in a week	batteries
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.	negative	nolonger raise it's lid	lid
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.	negative	quite a bit of rubbish	holds
The motor just pooped out.	negative	pooped out	motor
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.	negative	never improved	gears
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.	negative	avoid	touchless
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.	negative	just doesn't stand the test of time	it
It's really a waste of money.	negative	really a waste of money	It
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.	negative	looking for	replacement can
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.	negative	did not fit	retainer ring
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.	negative	open consistently	sensor
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.	negative	mangled	rim
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.	negative	expensive	trash can
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.	negative	used up batteries very fast	batteries
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.	negative	wasn't working	it
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.	negative	total loss	it
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.	negative	immediately open again	previous sensor can
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!	negative	open	it
NOT a dog-proof design	negative	NOT a dog-proof	design
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.	negative	VERY EASY to get around	lock
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam trashcan opens as if not locked at all.	negative	opens as if not locked at all	it
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return trashcan.	negative	return	it
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.	negative	return	first one
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.	negative	would not close properly	lid
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.	negative	disappointing	product
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.	negative	crease	lid
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.	negative	does not completely close	lid
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.	negative	wedge my toe	lid
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.	negative	cheaply made	product
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.	negative	not working	sensor
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.	negative	better off	old school ones
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.	negative	open and close on its own	sensor
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.	negative	manually	close" button
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.	negative	cool	automatic ones
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.	negative	open and close NON STOP	trash can
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!	negative	incessant	closing
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.	negative	smaller	base
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.	negative	disassembled	ring
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!	negative	couldn't take it anymore!	trash cans
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.	negative	hasn't worked	automatic trash bins
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!	negative	HEADACHE	THEY
Batteries not included.	negative	not included	Batteries
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.	negative	broke	hinge
trash can s Ok, but the picture is misleading.	negative	misleading	picture
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.	negative	wasn't explicit	description
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.	negative	not easy to spot	size
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.	negative	look much bigger	picture
I had to use trash can in my bathroom instead !	negative	use it in my bathroom instead	it
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.	negative	no inner bin	individual compartments
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.	negative	can't distinguish	infrared sensor
As a result, we were constantly setting the infrared sensor off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.	negative	joke	lid
Sometimes product would raise the lid for no apparent reason.	negative	raise the lid for no apparent reason	it
Sometimes product refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.	negative	refused to open	it
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.	negative	manually	lid
I'd like to return product, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.	negative	return	it
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.	negative	go with	pedal cans
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.	negative	adjust	sensor
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.	negative	does not come out quite far enough	it
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.	negative	strange angles	it
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.	negative	floor	garbage
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.	negative	dumps	contents
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.	negative	fit snugly	can
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.	negative	little less than 3/4's full	bag
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.	negative	recommended	other bags
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.	negative	only complaint	simplehuman trash bags
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.	negative	slide down	trash can
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...	negative	break	plastic piece
Missing Part and Change of manual	negative	Change	manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.	negative	don't like	inner basket
I return them and get refunded.	negative	return	them
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.	negative	broke	plastic components
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.	negative	isn't easy to use	step-type can
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.	negative	too weak	can
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.	negative	issues	lid
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.	negative	expensive	trash can
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.	negative	too sensetive	reviews
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.	negative	not One Complaint	Vacuum Cleaner
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.	negative	lack of	suction
The hose was clogged pretty badly.	negative	clogged pretty badly	hose
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???	negative	Poor	design
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.	negative	empty several times	canister
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.	negative	better choice	4 others
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."	negative	only negative	upholstery "brush
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.	negative	doesn't seem to do much	rubber blade
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.	negative	just fine	hose wand
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	negative	will not work	vacuum
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.	negative	shocked	deep pile carpeting
It left deep grooves on carpet.	negative	deep grooves	carpet
Very disappointed with this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.	negative	fuming	motor
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.	negative	only last about 15 minutes	battery
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.	negative	wine red	color
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it	negative	don't get	it
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.	negative	not so well	anything much heavier
It is a bit noisy.	negative	bit noisy	It
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.	negative	located lower down than I would prefer	on/off switch
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.	negative	more accessible	handle
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.	negative	clog	line
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.	negative	bit noisy	It
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	negative	don't expect	vacuum
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.	negative	replacement	rotary brush
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.	negative	won't agitate it enough	deep down dirt
Very disappointed about this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.	negative	broken	wheel
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.	negative	performed more like	$100 vaccuum
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.	negative	very difficult	turn off
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.	negative	does not pick up very much	vaccuum
some parts good, some parts annoying	negative	annoying	some parts
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.	negative	not so good	floors
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.	negative	little weird	cord
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.	negative	slowly turning	extra adapter
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.	negative	wearing out	Hoover
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.	negative	enough to knock off	star
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.	negative	very bulky	other vacuum
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.	negative	nothing but trouble	vacuum
vacuum kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.	negative	kept clogging	It
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.	negative	spent hours trying to fish out	clogs
All I know is that vacuum was a huge pain to us.	negative	huge pain	it
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.	negative	definitely wished we had gone	another product
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.	negative	disposable	Bissells
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.	negative	flaw major	vacuum
The filtration is terrible.	negative	terrible	filtration
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.	negative	barely do the job	3 pre-motor filters
If not given the attention it needs, 3 pre-motor filters will clog.	negative	clog	it
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.	negative	already dirty	HEPA" filter
Doesn't hold charge	negative	Doesn't hold	charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.	negative	one of the worst things I've ever bought	Amazon
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.	negative	doesn't hold a charge at all	it
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.	negative	swivles	head
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.	negative	be carefull	park
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.	negative	hard to clean	filter
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.	negative	lack of	suction power
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.	negative	much better	cleaning
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.	negative	can't even pick up	pieces of lint
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!	negative	only downsides	weighs
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.	negative	only complaint	picture
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?	negative	YELLOW	dust cup
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.	negative	clogs	suction area
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.	negative	not	old one
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.	negative	Horrible	hardwood floors
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.	negative	dust flies	dust container
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.	negative	either straight up or all the way down	handle
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.	negative	still worked great	Hoover upright
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.	negative	isn't self propelled	my prior
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.	negative	expecting just a little more	suction
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.	negative	little else	pick up
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.	negative	picked up most of it after repeatedly going over	salt
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.	negative	probably wouldn't buy it again	it
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.	negative	falls off	extra brush
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.	negative	real work of art	Dyson canister
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash	negative	can't wear	dark clothing
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.	negative	never happened before	local laundromat
It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.	negative	cannot wear	underwear
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.	negative	hated	clothes
Replace included hose as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.	negative	Replace	it
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.	negative	would be nice	plug
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.	negative	overflow	outlet hose
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).	negative	don't fit	socks
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.	negative	holes	lid
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.	negative	stops working	machine
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.	negative	difficult to grasp and turn	knobs
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.	negative	leaking	1st order
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.	negative	manually rinse out	soap
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.	negative	noise	It
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.	negative	too hard	washing machines
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.	negative	too hard	pair of jeans
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.	negative	return	another one
This machine is all washed up!	negative	all washed up	machine
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.	negative	did not work	machine
This is being shipped back today for a refund.	negative	shipped back	This
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.	negative	Hate	modification
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.	negative	did not take into account	LG
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.	negative	extends	curved front
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!	negative	necessary modifications	fit
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.	negative	most difficult part	hose
I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal.	negative	wouldn't line up straight	holes
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.	negative	cheaper	Amazon
so back pack washer took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.	negative	took some room	it
The only thing I can complain about it that washer does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.	negative	tend to get unbalanced	it
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.	negative	sopping wet	clothes
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear	negative	dreadful	LG Support
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!	negative	are suffering	customer support
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	negative	Rattles a bit	heavy items
Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much.	negative	rattled a bit too much	jeans
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	negative	bad	machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.	negative	just as dirty as it was before it went in	shirt with stains
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.	negative	can't really see it working well	heavy fabrics
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.	negative	pretty cheap	structure
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.	negative	continually fall off	little tabs
very good looking but performs terribly...	negative	terribly	performs
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.	negative	malfunctions constantly	machine
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.	negative	1 star	product
