Great, if it worked properly	negative	if it worked properly	worked
Also the clock kept losing the time.	negative	losing	time
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.	negative	faulty	computer module
I just wish it came with a carafe.	negative	wish it came	carafe
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.	negative	was hoping this would	good replacement
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.	negative	already rusted	screws by coffee filter
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.	negative	really odd	placement
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.	negative	drains down	water
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.	negative	which is an issue	half a pot
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.	negative	inconveniences	one
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.	negative	two minor issues	machine
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.	negative	shaken loose and leak	water tank
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.	negative	does not have	auto-shut-off function
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..	negative	flimsy	level
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.	negative	strange	noise
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.	negative	a better cup	$20 mocha
kind of a pain to operate this thing.	negative	kind of a pain	operate
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.	negative	really miss	melitta
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....	negative	seems small	size
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.	negative	don't like	total height
pot not working.	negative	not working	pot
They were useless to help me.	negative	useless	They
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away	negative	apalling	customer service
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.	negative	the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner	three models
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).	negative	half the price	machine
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.	negative	BEWARE	BUYER
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.	negative	couldn't care less	firm
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.	negative	negative	reviews
I found it cumbersome to operate.	negative	cumbersome	operate
The design is irritating beyond belief.	negative	irritating beyond belief	design
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.	negative	slower pour compared to	pour
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.	negative	not accurate	4-cup description
Dies after 1 1/2 years	negative	Dies	1 1/2 years
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water.	negative	stopped	heating water
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.	negative	not very consistent	flavor of the espresso
We use the same brand, and sometimes it comes out without a crema.	negative	sometimes it comes out without	crema
great espresso but no room for larger cup	negative	no room	larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.	negative	no room	cappuccino
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!	negative	not usable	few months old
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.	negative	leaving	dark scum
What machine can't do this?	negative	can't do this	machine
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.	negative	no longer purchase things like	this
Buyer Beware!	negative	Beware	Buyer
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.	negative	do not work properly	three buttons
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.	negative	flooded mess	coffee grounds
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.	negative	tends to leak	carafe
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.	negative	looking for a new	one
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.	negative	solid	coffee maker
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -	negative	RUN... Don't walk	coffee maker
Great concept - Terrible execution!	negative	Terrible	execution
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.	negative	low grade	plastic
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.	negative	seriously flawed	condensation issue
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.	negative	funky	old coffee
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.	negative	very hard	clean
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.	negative	Even at full capacity it only makes	1.5 good size mugs of coffee
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.	negative	ALL the condensation goes directly back into	condensation
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.	negative	should really reconsider	model
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.	negative	rancid	flavors
It will also shorten the life of the machine.	negative	shorten the life	machine
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into it due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.	negative	hard	water
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.	negative	not as large	imposing pictures
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.	negative	wish they would fix	design feature
Not worth the $$	negative	Not worth	$$
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.	negative	has MORE	plastic
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.	negative	Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on	model
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.	negative	LOUD irritating	alarm
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.	negative	less	plastic
Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long.	negative	doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long	Cuisinart
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.	negative	could buy an entire coffee maker for the price	entire coffee maker
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.	negative	just died	coffee maker
We got two years out of this coffee maker.	negative	We got two years	coffee maker
Thanks for nothing, China!	negative	Thanks for nothing	China
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.	negative	look flimsy plastic	parts
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.	negative	would have given it five stars	clock more easily visible
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.	negative	quit	brewing ful pots
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.	negative	too	small
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.	negative	little difficult	top of the carafe
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.	negative	only real flaw	water
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace	negative	Leaked	11 months
It just recently started leaking..	negative	started leaking	It
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker	negative	Poor Choice	Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.	negative	extremely difficult	pour
This has to be a design flaw.	negative	flaw	design
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).	negative	drips all over the floor	pot
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.	negative	room for improvement	steam wand
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.	negative	splattered	purchase
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.	negative	weak	coffee
I have trusted Melita.	negative	trusted	Melita
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.	negative	runs down	liquid
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.	negative	messy	coffee
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.	negative	went into the garbage	thing
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.	negative	Very disappointed	Melita
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.	negative	dribbler	carafe
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.	negative	canceled	shipping cost
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	automatic timer
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.	negative	better	Mr. Coffee
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.	negative	always drips	carafe
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.	negative	burned taste	coffee
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.	negative	narrow	opening
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.	negative	very short	power cable
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make machine hazardous.	negative	hazardous	it
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).	negative	never reaches	temp
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.	negative	only real drawback	temperature
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.	negative	used to it a little warmer	coffee
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.	negative	acting up	auto shut down
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.	negative	shutting off immediately	brewing
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.	negative	shuts off directly	brewing
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.	negative	not hot enough	coffee
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.	negative	loud	heating source
Not happy with this item at all.	negative	Not happy	item
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.	negative	Thanks	Amazon
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.	negative	What more could you asked for... Oh I know	cheaper filters
$30 for 4 really?	negative	$30 for 4 really	$30 for 4
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew	negative	Don't Buy	Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good.	negative	if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good	Cusinart
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.	negative	awful	product
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.	negative	Don't be a sucker and buy	contraption
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.	negative	AWFUL	PRODUCT
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.	negative	bowed out	coffee maker
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!	negative	tasted horrible	coffee
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.	negative	hard to grip to open	Carafe lid top
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.	negative	rough	notches
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.	negative	rough	steel
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.	negative	did not like	them
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.	negative	still going strong	set
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.	negative	missing	4 steak knives
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.	negative	fall off of it very easily	corn
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.	negative	a bit too sharp	knife
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.	negative	missing	block
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!	negative	rusted after one use	knife
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.	negative	smaller than	size
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.	negative	be a challenge	meatball
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.	negative	gouges	blades edge
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.	negative	discolored	scissors
Not Stainless Steel	negative	Not	Stainless Steel
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.	negative	NOT as advertised	knives
They showed spots after a couple of washings!	negative	showed spots after a couple of washings	spots
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.	negative	don't show spots	cheapest grocery store purchased knives
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.	negative	came washing off	gray color
Don't buy these knives.	negative	Don't buy	knives
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.	negative	available at very few places	23 piece sets for 4
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.	negative	bit priceier	23 piece set
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood	negative	threading' slivers	wood
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).	negative	GREAT	set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series)
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.	negative	cant make them better than	set
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.	negative	dull unsharpable	blades
Sketchy Advertising	negative	Sketchy	Advertising
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.	negative	touch elusive	vendors
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.	negative	not	product
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.	negative	not	ginsu knives
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.	negative	little disappointed	two bamboo handle teaspoons
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.	negative	might prefer	heavier duty set
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.	negative	cannot believe anyone doesn't know	history
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.	negative	not	stainless steel
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!	negative	unable to use it again	knife
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!	negative	NOT	Japanese-made product
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).	negative	inferior	quality product
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).	negative	very-very prone	stains
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.	negative	how easily and quickly	blades
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").	negative	highly-stained	steel
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.	negative	will not prevent the abhorring	staining
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.	negative	smudgy	look
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.	negative	not recommend	product
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.	negative	lies	company
That is just not true with this product.	negative	just not true	product
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!	negative	cooked-up	information
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.	negative	only wish I could get	box of just forks
I probalby will never use all the knives	negative	probalby will never use	knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives	negative	Great if you like RUSTY	knives
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.	negative	not the sharpest	knives
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.	negative	cheaper version	made in China
Worst knives ever...seriously	negative	Worst knives ever	knives
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.	negative	crap	Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.	negative	was hoping that they would slice better than	mid range current knives
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.	negative	awful	experience
They are crap.	negative	crap	They
Don't waste your time or your money on these.	negative	Don't waste your time or your money	these
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.	negative	didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected	knives
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.	negative	replaced them	different set
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.	negative	look rusty	water spots
My only complaint is the edge.	negative	only complaint	edge
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.	negative	great deal of work	sharpness
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter	negative	broke in half	Bread knife
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.	negative	broke right in half	blade
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.	negative	longer than	this
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.	negative	would never buy this international chinese junk again	international chinese
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.	negative	garbage	international ones
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.	negative	suppose to	stainless
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.	negative	not a big	microwave
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.	negative	biggest complaint	noise
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.	negative	lightweight	oven
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.	negative	required only two	old oven
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.	negative	no tactile feel	keypad
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.	negative	heat things too much	reheat mode
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old	negative	Needed Repair	30 Days Old
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.	negative	I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave	Panasonic fan
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.	negative	Problem	microwave generation system
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.	negative	no quality	manufacturer
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.	negative	never base a purchasing decision on brand name again	brand name
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.	negative	bit noisy	Fan
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.	negative	incorrect	dimensions
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.	negative	just barely fit	plates
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.	negative	little longer	heat items
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.	negative	higher wattage	one
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.	negative	does not	heat
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.	negative	as far as functionality goes	functionality
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.	negative	It's a little on the noisy side	use
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.	negative	stupid	button
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.	negative	very mediocre	user interface
This is good, but the button is stupid.	negative	stupid	button
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.	negative	Not as quick	old uWave
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.	negative	wish there was	"quick 30 sec"
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)	negative	doesn't document this feature very well	Panasonic
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.	negative	don't document that	they
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.	negative	no power control	power
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.	negative	could easily be so much better	user interface
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile	negative	only reason I did not give it 5 stars	disrupt my internet service
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.	negative	little long	Popcorn setting
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.	negative	only negative	light
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.	negative	some complaints about	sticker
product good - shipment no	negative	shipment no	shipment
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.	negative	broken off	three wheels
Died within 4 months of purchase	negative	Died within 4 months	purchase
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.	negative	huge difference	extra $20
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.	negative	garbage	microwave
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.	negative	will not accept	return
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for it.	negative	doesn't seem to be	warranty
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.	negative	terrible	return policy
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.	negative	was a little skeptical	purchasing
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.	negative	we just wish	"add 30 sec" button
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.	negative	only negative	fingerprint magnet
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.	negative	avoid having	constantly wipe off the smudges
Terrible Product - Don't Buy	negative	Terrible	Product
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.	negative	quit working	four months of use
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.	negative	Wish I would have just bought	microwave
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.	negative	not worth the wait	repair shops
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.	negative	Its tough these days living without	microwave
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.	negative	couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem	product
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.	negative	can't believe this is the quality	Japanese company
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.	negative	will not be purchasing another	Panasonic Microwave
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.	negative	big	bit
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.	negative	after about 8 months the magnatron went out	magnatron
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.	negative	we were without a microwave for 2 weeks	microwave
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.	negative	should last a lot longer than	microwave
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......	negative	Hope I did not	dose of radiation
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.	negative	lasted close to 20 years	first microwave
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.	negative	failed much sooner	subsequent models
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.	negative	bit daunting	consumer microwave
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."	negative	a bit louder than	done signal
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.	negative	*not* a benefit	control nob
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.	negative	big gripe	control
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.	negative	not an improved experience	setting the duration
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.	negative	pseudo-analog	power display
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.	negative	blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night	display
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.	negative	awkwardness	it
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.	negative	Should have stuck	tried-and-tested control setup
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model	negative	not as good	earlier model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.	negative	disappointed	it
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.	negative	difficult	operate
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.	negative	worked flawlessly	previous unit
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.	negative	reduction	production quality
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.	negative	expensive	microwave
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.	negative	hard to	open
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.	negative	not honor	Panasonic
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.	negative	lasted over 10 years	microwave ovens
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls	negative	not enough	gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.	negative	keep the booklet handy every time I use it	booklet
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.	negative	would prefer	knob
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.	negative	more regular cleaning is required	cleaning
I am very disappointed with this unit!	negative	very disappointed	unit
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.	negative	HAD to take it in for warranty repair	warranty repair
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.	negative	would make for much quieter	operation
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.	negative	did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair	microwave
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.	negative	stopped heating	microwave
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.	negative	back at	service shop
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.	negative	not had the unit available for use for a month	unit
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!	negative	TERRIBLE	customer service
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!	negative	never order another Panassonic product in my life	another Panassonic product
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.	negative	bad loud	ringing sound
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.	negative	warped	frame
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."	negative	won't take it back	Panasonic
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!	negative	boycotting	ALL of their products
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS	negative	won't lift a finger to help	Panasonic
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but it is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.	negative	too	small
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.	negative	can forget about be happy	size of the microwave
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is it just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.	negative	doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to	glass plate
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.	negative	cannot even fit	regular size bag of popcorn
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.	negative	hate that I spent good money on this	microwave
Stopped dead after 10 months use.	negative	Stopped dead after 10 months use	10 months use
Should have gotten a different brand.	negative	Should have gotten a different	brand
It is fairly big...	negative	fairly big	It
It just seems a little cheap?	negative	cheap	It
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.	negative	had some nice	over the counter units
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.	negative	may break	door
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.	negative	frustrate	Panasonic microwave
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.	negative	very noisy	It
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.	negative	never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one	microwave
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.	negative	donate it to the Good Will	it
Microwave broken just after return window expired	negative	broken just after return window expired	return window
microwave broke yesterday.	negative	broke	It
Just after return window expired.	negative	after return window expired	return window
Won't recommend it.	negative	Won't recommend	it
Lacking specs	negative	Lacking	specs
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.	negative	Don't like	it
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.	negative	should be call cook instead	Defrost
OHHH, to have my old one back.	negative	OHHH, to have my old one back	old one
It's hard to see your food in this oven.	negative	hard to see	food
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.	negative	confusing	options
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.	negative	can pop off	turntable
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking	negative	dangerous glass breaking	glass
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!	negative	cracked	microwave
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.	negative	never happened with	prior microwave
First, the glass platter is broken.	negative	broken	glass platter
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.	negative	dangerous	microwave
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.	negative	disappointing drivel	response
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)	negative	dangerous result	machine
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.	negative	defective	product
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.	negative	light	door
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As it's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.	negative	HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE	product
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly	negative	not 91yr old user friendly	91yr old user
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.	negative	problematic	reset button
Dim display screen	negative	Dim	display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.	negative	so dim it is difficult to read	display
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.	negative	couldn't be read	one
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.	negative	improperly assembled	Original item
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.	negative	shows smuges/fingerprints easily	Replacement
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.	negative	different	door
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.	negative	funny noise	fan
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.	negative	only thing that gives me pause	noise
Still, the noise is of some concern.	negative	is of some concern	noise
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.	negative	slight downgrade	This
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.	negative	by no means as good	more expensive model
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.	negative	so loved	older one
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.	negative	problem was same	another Panasonic microwave oven
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.	negative	don't know what went wrong	two Panasonic ovens
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of it worked for me.	negative	none of it worked	it
Tacky / non-retro microwave	negative	non-retro	microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.	negative	big mistake	oven
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.	negative	if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love	product
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from this.	negative	stay far, far, another galaxy away	this
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.	negative	little frustrating	Toasting bread
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.	negative	much smaller than	10" x 11" pan
Pray your toaster never fails	negative	Pray your toaster never fails	toaster
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.	negative	failed	toaster
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.	negative	stopped working	right slots
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.	negative	wrong	color
It cost me $14.15!	negative	cost	$14.15
Not good customer service.	negative	Not good	customer service
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.	negative	don't fare very well	english muffins
It's not the easiest to clean, either.	negative	not the easiest	clean
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.	negative	not full flushed	metal part
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!	negative	had a blister on my finger	burn
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?	negative	better	products
Ok, but not great quality	negative	not great	quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.	negative	turned out weird	egg
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.	negative	basically worthless	actual toaster portion
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.	negative	definitely going to be shopping	new toaster
poor at toasting	negative	poor	toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.	negative	did not toast evenly	toaster
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.	negative	energy-waster	light
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.	negative	NOTHING looks better than	classic, Dualit toaster
Does not toast evenly	negative	Does not toast evenly	toast
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.	negative	does not toast evenly	toaster
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.	negative	Find another toaster	another toaster
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.	negative	fragile	feel
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.	negative	tends to dry out the toast too much	toast
Example of when digital is not better	negative	not better	digital
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.	negative	frustrating	item
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.	negative	makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible	timer
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.	negative	15 seconds too long	setting 2
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.	negative	can't set	1.75
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.	negative	less than useful	toaster
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(	negative	lacks the level of control I need	level of control
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival	negative	Dead	Arrival
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.	negative	cheap looking	plastic
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.	negative	pretty short	cord
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.	negative	cheap looking	toaster
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.	negative	broken	product
uneven toast	negative	uneven	toast
Doesn't toast evenly ever.	negative	Doesn't toast evenly ever	toast
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.	negative	caught on fire	toaster
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...	negative	totaled changing rating to 1 star	toaster
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.	negative	would return it	reason
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.	negative	should have gone	Target
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.	negative	expect consistency	$40 toaster
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.	negative	hard to clean	heating element
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.	negative	only thing	placement on the power cord
I think it is in the wrong position.	negative	wrong	position
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!	negative	never used	it
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - Delonghi was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.	negative	20 yrs	toaster oven
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that it does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi	negative	never ever had this problem	Delonghi
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.	negative	larger than I would like	size
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.	negative	slightly overpriced	Russell Hobbs appliances
Doesn't Pop up easily	negative	Doesn't Pop up easily	Pop up
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.	negative	can't get the lever to come up	lever
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give it 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.	negative	inconvenient	cord
I purchased this toaster on ebay.	negative	purchased this toaster on ebay	toaster
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.	negative	so narrow	bread slots
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.	negative	burned badly	slices of toast
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.	negative	threw the toaster out	toaster
Does not toast evenly	negative	Does not toast evenly	toast
This toaster is very cheaply made.	negative	very cheaply made	toaster
I'm exaggerating but it does not weigh much.	negative	does not weigh much	it
The toasting was very uneven.	negative	very uneven	toasting
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.	negative	be barely cooked	other
It gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.	negative	so flimsy	plastic
Gimped Toaster	negative	Gimped	Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)	negative	cheaply made	toaster
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)	negative	poor	metal forging
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.	negative	never keeps the elements on	toaster
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.	negative	take forever to toast something	toast
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.	negative	bakes everything instead of toasting	toast setting
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)	negative	poor	track record
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)	negative	will rub off over time	labels
Power cord is WAY too short.	negative	WAY too	short
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.	negative	Don't buy	unit
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.	negative	Worst excuse	toaster
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.	negative	cruddy	products
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most	negative	certainly more expensive than	most
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.	negative	won't be expecting it to last a lifetime	$30
Waste of Money	negative	Waste	Money
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.	negative	complete waste	toaster
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.	negative	does not work	side
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.	negative	does not even give you the option	Cuisinart
The only thing is a i wish it was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.	negative	doesn't really close well	door
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.	negative	weren't always consistent	settings
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.	negative	pretty flimsy	mechanism
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.	negative	get stuck	things
Sometimes it wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.	negative	getting out of alignment	parts
It just isn't built that well.	negative	isn't built that well	It
Toastes very unevenly.	negative	very unevenly	Toastes
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.	negative	much better	old B & D
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like it.	negative	little loud	pops out
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.	negative	Burns	bread
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.	negative	disconnected	automatic slide out rack can
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.	negative	really hard to see	selector
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.	negative	just a small	raised black line
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.	negative	creating a fire hazard	oven
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.	negative	really should be	safety mechanism
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.	negative	worst	toaster oven
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.	negative	consistently burns	bread
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.	negative	burnt to a crisp	bottom rear
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.	negative	going in the trash	It
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, it burns everything put into the oven.	negative	burns everything	oven
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.	negative	short	toaster slot
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, it gets stuck.	negative	too	short
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.	negative	doesn't work	it
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.	negative	find it really cheap at our next garage sale	it
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service	negative	worse	customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.	negative	never worked properly	toaster
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.	negative	not work	toaster timer
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.	negative	MANY MANY burned	bread slices
Essentially their support is non-existant.	negative	non-existant	support
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.	negative	wasn't really an easy way	return
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.	negative	isn't reliable	thing
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.	negative	bad	product
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.	negative	never buy Cuisinart again	Cuisinart
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.	negative	hard to tell	dial
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.	negative	too	dark
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.	negative	prefer	stainless steel
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?	negative	little dark	toast
Short tail!	negative	Short	tail
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!	negative	very short	tail
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.	negative	barely reaches	cord
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down	negative	not stay down	levers
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.	negative	unfortunate	feature
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.	negative	don't get the same result	toast
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.	negative	not having	toast lever
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.	negative	does not close very smoothly	door
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like they might break at any moment.	negative	feel like they might break	They
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return it and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.	negative	quick sale instead of building quality products	appliance manufactures
problem with the door.	negative	problem	door
returned to shop wise for a refund	negative	returned	refund
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect	negative	incorrect	stated measurements
Both toasters did not function properly straight out of the box.	negative	not function properly straight	toasters
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.	negative	got bright and hot	left slots
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.	negative	ordered an entirely different brand	different brand
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.	negative	bad product period	product
First one I bought didn't work at all.	negative	didn't work	First one
It toasts.  Just no Domo face.	negative	no Domo face	Domo face
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.	negative	not successfully planted	Domo's face
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.	negative	a bit slow	it
Uneven Toasting	negative	Uneven	Toasting
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!	negative	can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY	white bread
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.	negative	didn't think it was worth	slant effect
My only problem with it is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.	negative	only problem	thin slices of bread
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.	negative	stopped working	motion sensor
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.	negative	recommendation	place the on and off switch
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.	negative	concern	location
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.	negative	difficult to clean easily	can
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!	negative	perplexed	feature
Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.	negative	Perplexing	constancy of the battery changing
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.	negative	only lasts for a few weeks	battery operated feature
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can	negative	Do Not Buy	Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.	negative	hate	garbage can
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.	negative	impossible	clean
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.	negative	festering	smell pot
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.	negative	no practicality	design
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.	negative	costs less than	$20
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.	negative	should have been included	trash can
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.	negative	very inconsistent	operation
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.	negative	silly	4 D-cell batteries
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!	negative	silly	trash can
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can	negative	can't believe I paid this much	trash can
I love this horribly overpriced thing!	negative	horribly overpriced	thing
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected	negative	wasn't as firm as I expected	Spring
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."	negative	wilted	looked
The only down side is the weight.	negative	only down side	weight
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.	negative	light	slip/slide on the floor
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.	negative	down side	fingerprints
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.	negative	too	small
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size	negative	not really much use	size
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.	negative	expensive	price tag
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why it threw me off.	negative	threw me off	size of a garbage can
Expensive garbage can	negative	Expensive	garbage can
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.	negative	hard to fit	garbage bags
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.	negative	stinky	pee diapers
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but it suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.	negative	small	whole thing
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.	negative	just terrible	engineering
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.	negative	too	small
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.	negative	smartly went out	trash
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.	negative	only did work for a total of 8 weeks	work
Save your money on this item.	negative	Save your money	item
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.	negative	no matter what I do	lid
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.	negative	toss it in the trash	10 months later
The motor just pooped out.	negative	pooped out	motor
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.	negative	never improved	gears
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.	negative	avoid	touchless
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.	negative	looking for	replacement can
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.	negative	don't fit real cleanly	liners
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.	negative	did not fit	retainer ring
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.	negative	mangled	foot pedal
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.	negative	expected the best	quality
Broke within 3 months	negative	Broke	3 months
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.	negative	used up batteries very fast	batteries
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.	negative	wasn't working	it
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.	negative	can't return	it
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.	negative	immediately open again	previous sensor can
NOT a dog-proof design	negative	NOT a dog-proof	design
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.	negative	VERY EASY to get around	lock
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return it.	negative	return	it
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.	negative	little difficult to maneuver	lock
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.	negative	return	first one
It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.	negative	damaged	shipping
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.	negative	defective	can
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.	negative	so disappointing	product
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.	negative	crease	middle of the lid
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.	negative	does not completely close	lid
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.	negative	have to either close it manually	hands-free trash container
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.	negative	cheaply made	product
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.	negative	not working	sensor
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.	negative	better off getting	old school ones with the foot pedal
A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.	negative	don't have to change	batteries
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.	negative	started to open and close on its own	5 week
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.	negative	have to manually push	"open" or "close" button
HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!!	negative	WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE	sensor
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.	negative	open and close NON STOP	trash can
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!	negative	did not even stop	towel
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.	negative	smaller	ring
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.	negative	must be disassembled	whole ring
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!	negative	quite annoying	trash cans
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!	negative	buying you new	trash cans
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"	negative	crazy	things
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.	negative	joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement	automatic trash bins
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!	negative	someone I dislike very much	trash bin
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.	negative	broke	hinge
It s Ok, but the picture is misleading.	negative	misleading	picture
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.	negative	wasn't explicit enough	description of the item
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.	negative	not easy to spot	fine letters
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.	negative	makes it look much bigger than	picture
I had to use it in my bathroom instead !	negative	had to use it in my bathroom instead	bathroom
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.	negative	two removable inner bins	SimpleHuman product
Great in theory, annoying in practice	negative	annoying	practice
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.	negative	can't distinguish	infrared sensor
As a result, we were constantly setting the thing off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.	negative	a bit of a joke	lid
Sometimes it would raise the lid for no apparent reason.	negative	raise the lid for no apparent reason	lid
Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.	negative	refused	open
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.	negative	bloody	infrared sensor
I'd like to return it, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.	negative	kicking the thing	dents
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.	negative	go with one	pedal cans
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.	negative	would like to be able	adjust the sensor
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.	negative	does not lift out without some strange	angles
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.	negative	would be fine	another half and inch of range
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.	negative	constantly dumps its contents	no mounting options
I don't use mine and would not buy again.	negative	don't use	mine
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.	negative	much longer than needed	Simplehuman trash bags
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.	negative	little less than 3/4's full	bag
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.	negative	Feel like Im waisting money	bags
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.	negative	sliding	simplehuman trash bags
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.	negative	slide down	Normal trash bags
Missing Part and Change of manual	negative	Change	manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.	negative	don't like	business practic
I return them and get refunded.	negative	return	them
Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing.	negative	could find this exact one in	stainless steel casing
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.	negative	can not sit flush	not flat
Too small	negative	Too	small
I should have read the description better.	negative	should have read the description better	description
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.	negative	not smell-proof	can
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.	negative	expensive	trash can
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.	negative	lack of	suction
The hose was clogged pretty badly.	negative	pretty badly	clogged
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???	negative	Poor	design
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.	negative	go for the extra	10.00 more
You still have that dust cup problem.	negative	problem	dust cup
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."	negative	awful	upholstery "brush."
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	negative	will not work	vacuum
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.	negative	not being able	vacuum cleaner
Very disappointed with this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.	negative	EXCELLENT	vacuums
the motor broke in less than two weeks.	negative	broke in less than	two weeks
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.	negative	start fuming	motor
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.	negative	could smell fumes	filters
We returned the product	negative	returned	product
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.	negative	only last	15 minutes
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...	negative	quite short	hose
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.	negative	probably would not have bought it	color
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it	negative	looks the same	floor
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.	negative	not so well	anything much heavier than that
It is a bit noisy.	negative	noisy	It
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.	negative	lower down than I would prefer	on/off switch
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.	negative	burned out	motor
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	negative	don't expect	vacuum
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.	negative	no means	replacement for a rotary brush
Find something with a rotary brush.	negative	Find something	rotary brush
Very disappointed about this vacuum.	negative	Very disappointed	vacuum
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.	negative	broken	wheel
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".	negative	without being paid	shipping
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.	negative	broke	handle
Terrible - an absolute waste of money	negative	absolute waste	money
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.	negative	performed more like	$50 vaccuum
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.	negative	very difficult	turn
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.	negative	does not pick up very much	pick up
But I didn't want to pay those prices.	negative	didn't want to pay	prices
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.	negative	wish the attachment had a brush for dusting	attachment
some parts good, some parts annoying	negative	annoying	parts
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.	negative	not so good	floors
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.	negative	little weird	location
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.	negative	hurts to take it off	hose
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.	negative	slowly turning	extra adapter
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.	negative	Was hoping to find a good	vacuum
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.	negative	strong smell	hot plastic
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.	negative	little short	cord
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months	negative	died completely	8 months
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.	negative	nothing but trouble	vacuum
It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.	negative	very hard to remove	clogs
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.	negative	won't suction anything	suction
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.	negative	definitely wished we had gone with	another product
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.	negative	disposable	Bissells
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.	negative	flaw major	vacuum
The filtration is terrible.	negative	terrible	filtration
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.	negative	barely do the job	3 pre-motor filters
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.	negative	had to clean the main one 4 times already	main one
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.	negative	already dirty	"HEPA" filter
Doesn't hold charge	negative	Doesn't hold	charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.	negative	one of the worst	things
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.	negative	doesn't hold	charge
I wasted time and money.	negative	wasted	money
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.	negative	little wierd	head that swivles
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.	negative	be carefull	park
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.	negative	bit hard	clean
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.	negative	lack	suction power
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.	negative	much better at cleaning	cordless Oreck
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.	negative	can't even pick up	lint
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!	negative	more than 5 pounds	weighs
Older Vacuums are still good	negative	still good	Older Vacuums
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.	negative	not on the side edges or front like	front
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.	negative	Horrible	hardwood floors
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.	negative	healthier	bag
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.	negative	still worked great	Hoover upright
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.	negative	best isn't self propelled like	self propelled
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.	negative	was expecting just a little more	suction
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.	negative	very light	dirt
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.	negative	only thing is the attachment always falls off	attachment
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!	negative	little yucky	dust collector
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.	negative	done faster	laundry room
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash	negative	So much	dirt
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.	negative	too much	dirt
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.	negative	never happened before	local laundromat
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.	negative	was afraid	bucket
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.	negative	must be dirtier	clothes
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.	negative	wasn't quiet	one
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.	negative	I'm in the process in getting a refund	refund
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.	negative	will hate U	machine
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.	negative	didn't like	product
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it	negative	doesn't say anything	manual
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.	negative	junk	included hose
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.	negative	would be nice	plug for the outlet hose
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).	negative	don't do well	air drying
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.	negative	stops working	machine
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.	negative	don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary	water
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.	negative	had to send the 1st order back	1st order
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.	negative	bit more noise	ball
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.	negative	would not	pair of jeans
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.	negative	puddle of water	floor
This machine is all washed up!	negative	all washed up	machine
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.	negative	did not work	machine
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.	negative	I am sorry I did not read	reviews
This is being shipped back today for a refund.	negative	being shipped back	This
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.	negative	Hate	modification to the laundry room
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.	negative	did not take	LG
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.	negative	neglected	curved front
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!	negative	could not have done	necessary modifications
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.	negative	probably have issues	washer
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.	negative	most difficult part	hose
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.	negative	little difficult	plate
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear	negative	dreadful	LG Support
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!	negative	battling	LG
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.	negative	nightmare	LG
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!	negative	shameful	customer support
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!	negative	still no resolution	service calls
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	negative	how bad	machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.	negative	don't see it replacing	washer
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.	negative	just as dirty	shirt
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.	negative	can't really see it working well	heavy fabrics
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.	negative	pretty cheap	wonderwash
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.	negative	continually fall off	little tabs
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.	negative	malfunctions constantly	machine
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.	negative	sent it back	store
