This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.
Also the clock kept losing the time.
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.
I just wish it came with a carafe.
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
Great espresso machine with a few cons
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.
kind of a pain to operate this thing.
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.
pot not working.
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.
I found it cumbersome to operate.
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.
The design is irritating beyond belief.
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then espresso machine just stopped heating water.
I called the company and they said that espresso machine was not repairable and to toss it out.
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss espresso machine out.
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.
We use the same brand, and sometimes espresso comes out without a crema.
great espresso but no room for larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -
Great concept - Terrible execution!
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into Cuisinart due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.
Today coffee pot won't turn on :(.
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.
It just recently started leaking..
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.
This has to be a design flaw.
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
Get a cheaper one
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.
Not happy with this item at all.
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
Wish I had read other reviews
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.
It only produced 16 oz.
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!
If you dont wash and dry these knives off directly after using them you probably wont have them long.
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.
knives showed spots after a couple of washings!
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.
Guess knives were simply stainless steel coated.
Don't buy these knives.
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.
Bought this set so that I could use it on Thanksgiving but realized after cutting up my turkey for left overs that the larger knife ended up having ridges on the blade from bending.
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.
That is just not true with this product.
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.
The biggest problem is that I bought them about a year and a half ago and they pretty much started rusting immediately.
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.
Two days of sitting in the sink with other dirty dishes (don't judge)they had already rusted.
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are going back.
knife are crap.
Don't waste your time or your money on these.
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.
My only complaint is the edge.
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, bread knife broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.
Nice oven with a few drawbacks
Operating noise is very low.
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.
If you turn off the beep function, you need to pay close attention to the display to make sure the key you pressed actually activated.
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.
Local dealers only had smaller, stainless models in stock.
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.
I've only been using this for a week and there have been no issues with it functioning, but microwave's a little too small for our needs.
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.
This is good, but the button is stupid.
To set power 3, you have to push the power button 6 times.
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile
I got this for my girlfriend for the holidays as her 10 year old GE seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat things up.
and "I'm not sure that is going to fit."
But this works better than the more expensive built-in microwave (by GE) at twice the price.
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.
product good - shipment no
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.
This was cheap, easy, and quick fix for replacing another, more expensive microwave that finally died after 4 years.
It barely made it 4 months.
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed.
The unit powers up, and the turntable turns, but microwave generates NO heat whatsoever.
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for microwave.
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.
It is a good looking appearance and cabinet, and the blue light for the clock and readout is a handsome affect as well.Our unit does have a rather loud beep volume, and it would be nice to be able to turn it down or off as is an option in other Panasonic microwave models.
This unit isn't five-star-perfect, but for the most part we are very satisfied with it.
Terrible Product - Don't Buy
It has been in the repair shop now for 4 weeks.
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.
Never Buy Panasonic again
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.
It worked fine until 4 days after the warranty expired and the magnatron went out again.
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.
I tried to open the door after the popcorn got done but instead of the door opening the microwave just turned on by itself with the microwave door button pushed in with no way to turn it off.
We bought locally to avoid risking the large "restocking" fees charged by some of the Amazon vendors.
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.
Instead, to get to 40% power you tap the power button 6 times to go from 100% to 40% in 10% steps.Any semi-advanced usage means consulting the book.
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.
We now have a post-it note stuck over the display at night.It's not quiet - not the loudest either.
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.
The Panasonic NN-H965BF fit my needs but could only be found on line.
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls
I thas a "minutes" button that scheduled run time in whole minutes.
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.
I am very disappointed with this unit!
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.
Panasonic intercepted, and would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem (what ever happened to "the customers always right?").
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."
It's buzzing so loud we have to leave it unplugged, never has the right time displayed as we keep unplugging/plugging it in to avoid the sound.PANASONIC SUCKS!
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS
A semi-useful review (I hope) on the size of the microwave: microwave is small, and I mean SMALL...
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but microwave is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is microwave just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.
Should have gotten a different brand.
It just seems a little cheap?
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.
One lasted a year and the most recent lasted two years.
Unevan Cooking and Loud
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.
You put the second bowl in there, and it comes out overcooked and extremely thick.
It just makes up it's mind to overcook or not.
Microwave broken just after return window expired
microwave broke yesterday.
Just after return window expired.
Won't recommend Microwave.
Lacking specs
Does the microwave have no watt rating or cubic foot size?
Is it a powerless and sizeless device?
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.
OHHH, to have my old one back.
It's hard to see your food in this oven.
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.
First, the glass platter is broken.
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.
However, the glass tray is a user replaceable/consumable part that is not covered under the limited warranty of the unit.Please contact our National Parts Department by calling 800-332-5368 between 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday Eastern Standard Time, for the availability of the Glass Tray (A06014M00AP).Based on the information you have provided, we recommend having the product checked by an authorized Panasonic service center.
We've used the sensor cooking for veggies and potatoes with great results.The front is gloss black.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As Kenmore 0.7 Cu. ft. Counter Top Microwave's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.
Dim display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.
That can move the oven if too vigorous.
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.
My wife loved the brand, but suddenly there was a pop and oven stopped working.
I showed it to a mechanic and he said that the magnetron and a fuse were gone.
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of Panasonic microwave oven worked for me.
Tacky / non-retro microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.
This oven might nuke just fine but oven is really cheap looking!
There is plastic chrome type all over it declaring it's retro credentials, how could it be retro when there were no microwaves in this supposed time zone, think Sputnik.
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from oven.
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.
Pray your toaster never fails
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.
I still had to pay to send the broken one.
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.
It cost me $14.15!
Not good customer service.
It's not the easiest to clean, either.
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!
Ok, but not great quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.
poor at toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.
Does not toast evenly
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.
small oven is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.
uneven toast
Doesn't toast evenly ever.
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, switch will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - it was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that Cuisinart does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give toaster 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.
This toaster is very cheaply made.
The toasting was very uneven.
toaster gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.
At the delivered price it is a fantastic help in this depression!
Gimped Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)
Power cord is WAY too short.
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.
The only thing is a i wish toaster oven was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.
Sometimes toaster wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
It just isn't built that well.
Toastes very unevenly.
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.
Great idea, but it burns everything
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, oven burns everything put into the oven.
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, bread gets stuck.
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.
Essentially their support is non-existant.
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?
Short tail!
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like lift levers might break at any moment.
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return replacement four slice Cuisinart and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
problem with the door.
returned to shop wise for a refund
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.
toaster toasts.  Just no Domo face.
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.
Uneven Toasting
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!
My only problem with Proctor Silex is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.
I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full.
There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item.
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.
returned first one now perfect
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
I love this horribly overpriced trash can!
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."
The only down side is the weight.
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
Expensive garbage can
I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however garbage can is quite expensive.
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.
After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died.
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
Save your money on this item.
Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week.
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.
On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.
The motor just pooped out.
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.
It's really a waste of money.
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.
If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!
NOT a dog-proof design
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.
Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam trashcan opens as if not locked at all.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return trashcan.
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.
Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.
!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!
Batteries not included.
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.
trash can s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.
I had to use trash can in my bathroom instead !
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.
As a result, we were constantly setting the infrared sensor off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
Sometimes product would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
Sometimes product refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.
I'd like to return product, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.
This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.
I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break...
Missing Part and Change of manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.
I return them and get refunded.
It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.
Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.
My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily.
Another review mentioned issues with the lid.
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.
Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic.
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.
The hose was clogged pretty badly.
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.
It left deep grooves on carpet.
Very disappointed with this vacuum.
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
It is a bit noisy.
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.
Very disappointed about this vacuum.
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.
some parts good, some parts annoying
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.
vacuum kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.
All I know is that vacuum was a huge pain to us.
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.
The filtration is terrible.
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.
If not given the attention it needs, 3 pre-motor filters will clog.
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.
Doesn't hold charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.
It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.
Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol.
Replace included hose as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store.
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.
If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load.
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).
Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.
I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
This machine is all washed up!
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.
This is being shipped back today for a refund.
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.
I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal.
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.
so back pack washer took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.
The only thing I can complain about it that washer does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles.
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!
Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much.
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.
very good looking but performs terribly...
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
flaw
electronic flaw
not turn on immediately
losing the time
wish
does leak
little more expensive
functioned perfectly as a machine
more expensive
Slightly disappointing
disappointing
already rusted after only one month
really odd
drains
starts at 6 cups
issue
great
inconveniences
few cons
not very hot
not really that strong
low end
may not compare
two minor issues
shaken loose and leak
does not have an auto-shut-off function
may overheat
weird tasting
don't like ANY
little awkward
bit flimsy
catching fire.
Beware
meh
just frustrated, really
makes a better cup
pain
really miss
must be something better out there
seems small
really good cup
don't like
not working
wouldn't come out
Lots of sputtering
useless
Too bad
Too bulky for just that though
terrible
apalling
stay away
here is the catch
failed
leaking water
Failed again
bad
avoided
disposable
35$
half the price of the machine new
only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase
not warranted
SO unfair
BUYER BEWARE
not there
couldn't care less
expensive price
reluctant
about to go on e Bay
hard to twist
cumbersome
guess
irritating beyond belief
vacuum sealed on there
untwist
slower
snapped into place
a few too many steps
not accurate
Dies after 1 1/2 years
stopped heating water
not repairable
One other issue
toss it out
not very consistent
comes out without a crema
no room
no room
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!
not usable
leaks
dark scum
backing up
What machine can't do this?
no longer purchase
Beware!
bad news
do not work properly
countless numbers of people who have had the problem
much worse
Be Careful
flooded mess
leak
rely on
worth to spend an extra $20
solid
RUN... Don't walk
Terrible
Extremely flimsy
low grade plastic
slide all over
light weight
MUST hold it when dispensing
seriously flawed
water everywhere
kinda funky
very hard to clean
only
tons of
ALL the condensation goes directly back
best of all
much more flexibility
not quite
clog frequently
attract rancid flavors
shorten the life
does not work very well
can't have it turn on automatically
NOISY
middling complaint
hard to pour water
not as large as
have to wash the grinder every time
saturated with steam
Not worth the $$
even worse
MORE plastic
endocrine disruptors
plethora of plastic
12 minutes
LOUD
irritating
less plastic
still going strong
doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long
not recommend
pass on this
cheaper
just died
Beware
piece of junk
might cost a little more
would have given it five stars
more easily visible
potCons
quit brewing
would turn off
won't turn on :(
little disappointed
no method to select
difficult to remove
real flaw
only gets "adequately" hot
complained
splattering
messy
too fine
mess
Leaked
started leaking
leaks at least a cup or two
one star
Poor Choice
difficult
flaw
drips
require a towel
pull out in other positions
intimidating at first
Leaked
splattered
returned
leaked
splattered
ran too quickly
weak
Leaks badly
Breaks easily
soooooo leaky
runs down the side
the counter
splashed
breakage issue
thin
took nothing at all to break
breaks so easily
messy
garbage
for four months
Very disappointed
substandard
minor exceptions
pour off
dribbler
doesn't work
more
Get a cheaper one
half the money
problems
taste the same or lower
always drips
drops
too fast
burned taste
Strange taste
spill a lot of water
narrow
very short
hazardous
doesn't taste well
drips
spill
too short
spilling water
narrow
hazardous
drawback
not hot
Defective
acting up
shuts off directly
disappointed
not hot enough
loud
Not happy
Thanks
cheaper
$30 for 4
Don't Buy
mistake
threw away
awful
wouldn't give this to my worst enemy
take apart
nooks
crannies
each time you use
flood
design flaw
weak
lukewarm
problem
no
not quite hot enough
less time
less expensive
superior
less hassle
AWFUL
DON'T BUY
Wish I had read
bowed out
excape
only
lukewarm
horrible
Cons
hard to grip
wouldn't be worth much more
not polished
rough
upgrade
could have been made better
did not like
still going strong
thought were good
Great
sharp
sturdy
comfortable
very good
some issues
missing
bit small
bit shallow
fall off
frustrates
too sharp
No good!!
missing
rusted after one use!!
wont have them long
would not recommend buying
Beware
very flimsy
smaller
not going to work
challenge
will be returning
gouges
starting to rust already
discolored
heavy duty
Not Stainless Steel
first negative
NOT as advertised
spots
don't show spots
gray color
stainless steel coated
Don't buy
minor issues
rust problems
only gripe
junk
split and 'threading' slivers of wood
Junk
isnt even good as
never going to use them without kevlar gloves
dull
unsharpable
Sketchy Advertising
a touch elusive
This is not what I received
they are not
little disappointed
Read This Before You Buy
total shame
pure junk
So damn funny
initially skeptical
Not what I was hoping for!
ridges
unable to use it again! :-(
only used once
You get what you pay for
although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp
NEGATIVES
NOT a Japanese-made
Chinese-made, inferior quality
thicker
imperfections
extensive
negative effect
much higher pricing
annoying trait
HORRIBLE
very-very prone to stains
easily
quickly
scratch
stain
highly-stained steel
abhorring staining
unbeleivably HORRIBLE
stains all over (if not rust
rust
crappy look
look 'foggy
old
smudgy
not recommend
lies
That is just not true
become dull
get exactly what you pay for
inferior
should be ashamed
more money
only wish I could get a box
Great if you like RUSTY knives
not great
not the sharpest
biggest problem
started rusting immediately
rust on it
worth the $$$
save yourself the hassle and your money
cheaper version
Watch out though..very sharp
ended up in ER
Worst knives ever...seriously
biggest pieces of crap
Not me
would slice better
Nope
awful
worst part
had already rusted
I am not even kidding you
Rusted
going back
crap
waste
Not as impressed
returned
didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp
returned
slightly faded
look rusty
water spots
only complaint
marginal
broke in half
rigged blade
broke
broke
made it longer
embarassing
international chinese junk
garbage
Plenty of brown
suppose to be stainless
dont buy
serious junk
stay away
not a big
few drawbacks
90 seconds
very low
Cons
biggest complaint
very loud, tinny clang
slide the entire oven backwards
multiple times
eight times
nine times
make sure the key you pressed actually activated
not perfect
only drawbacks
hassle
heat things too much
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
smaller
stainless
Never again
Error H98
a lot of effort
too much money
lesson learned
no quality
never base a purchasing decision
would cook for 4 minutes and still have cold food
bit noisy
incorrect
barely fit
takes a little longer
lower
larger
higher wattage
little too small
doesn't work for too long
were a little more powerful
higher-wattage
had stopped working
does not heat anything up any more
m afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works
Too bad
little on the noisy side
stupid
very mediocre
stupid
6 times
Not as quick
stupid
no control
doesn't document this feature very well, really
would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles
no power control
have to press this button between 1 and 9 times
stupid
biggest shortcoming
could easily be so much better
disrupt my internet service
not give it 5 stars
seemed to be taking longer and longer to heat
not sure that is going to fit
doesn't seem to cook any faster
less
more expensive
twice
runs a little long
only negative
doesn't come on until you power on
no
broken off
Died within 4 months of purchase
more expensive
barely made it 4 months
extra $20 might make a huge difference
I learned my lesson
total piece of garbage
GARBAGE!
failed
generates NO heat whatsoever
they will not accept a return
doesn't even mention it's existence
doesn't seem to be any warranty
What a piece of CRAP
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS!
terrible
little skeptical
leave a cold core
only negative
really quite difficult to shut the door
avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges
rather loud
would be nice to be able to turn it down or off
isn't five-star-perfect
Terrible
Don't Buy
4 weeks
tough these days living without a microwave
not worth the wait
problem
made some changes
can't believe
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing
bit big
Never Buy
went out
2 weeks
went out again
4 to 8 months
Unbelievable
Dead after 4 months
just died on me
Really weird
no way to turn it off
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation
large
failed much sooner
at least 3X a standard consumer model
bit daunting
slightly smaller
only down side
doesn't have
bit louder
not* a benefit
Do not recommend
2*
recommend against
big gripe
all-too-common
designed by the embedded controller engineers
not an improved experience
slowly
carefully
isn't as easy
pseudo-analog
6 times
semi-advanced usage means
know the right numbers
fingerprint magnet
bright
not quiet
awkwardness
regret the purchase
Should have stuck
not as good as
disappointed
not happy
counterintuitive
difficult
flawlessly
problematic
step down
reduction
only be found on line
expensive piece of junk
big
expensive
will not pop microwave popcorn properly
hard to open
quit working
will not honor the warranty
just one year
not enough
run time in whole minutes
prefer
downside
fingerprints
more regular cleaning
Two problems
very disappointed
whirring sound
would make for much quieter operation
did not have
parts were not available
stopped heating
two problems
not had the unit available for use for a month
Very disappointing!
expensive
$179
labeling
hard to see
nothing on the display to indicate
BUYER BEWARE
Faulty
TERRIBLE
never order another
bad loud ringing sound
intercepted
messes up
jerk
AWESOME
deranged
won't take it back
crap for brains technician
buzzing
SUCKS
boycotting
damaged
won't lift a finger
AVOID AT ALL COSTS
small
SMALL
too small
forget about be happy
impossible
pop all the way or correctly
too small
doesn't seem to like to stay
too small
tweaky
cannot even fit
Dead
One star
hate that I spent good money
Should have gotten
don't work
seems a little cheap
noisy
dislike
may break
don't last
a year
two years
Unevan
Loud
very noisy
unevenly
overcooked
it's not the longer it's on, the hotter it cooks
makes up it's mind to overcook or not
buy another one
broken
expired
broke
expired
Won't recommend
Lacking
no watt rating
powerless
sizeless
Don't like
Very loud
should be call cook
have my old one back
Downsides
better
hard to see
confusing
Don't loose
not replaceable
pop off the spinner
dangerous
breaking
Concerned
cracked
it never happened
very concerned
broken
dangerous
disappointing drivel
don't care
send us more money
defective
not covered
do not fit
gloss
NOISY
China
Annoyingly
NOISY
NOT as sensitive
press hard
INCONVENIENT
NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE
inconvenience
NOISE
not 91yr old user friendly
challenge
problematic
learning curve issue
Dim
dim
difficult to read
glossy
smuges/fingerprints
different
move
noise
noise
noise
concern
Disappointing
downgrade
by no means as good as
disappointing
loved
stopped working
gone
turned off
sad
none of it worked
Tacky
non-retro
mistake
cheap looking!
plastic chrome
cheap tacky looking
stay far, far, another galaxy away
too small
little frustrating
so sensitive
complaints
need a flashlight
costs $20.00 (plus shipping
only available
much smaller
just a little slower
Except for
Pray
failed
stopped working
still had to pay
wrong
phone call
At least 10 days later
another phone
$14.15!
Not good
don't fare very well
not the easiest
not full flushed
becomes so hot
burn
not great
weird
too wet
puffed up
basically worthless
still mostly frozen
doesn't help
definitely going to be shopping
larger
poor
did not toast evenly
did not toast evenly
It's going back
Did realize that was asking so much!
less than elegant
one big gripe
stays on perpetually
Feh!
NOTHING looks better
mean
hurtful
make you cry
poorly toasted
dubious
art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking
bad
Does not toast evenly
does not toast evenly
half toasted
Very disappointing
Find another toaster
stay away
bit plastic-y
feel fragile
seem more substantial
tends to dry out
does not shut perfectly
skeptical
digital is not better
frustrating
Cons
Coarse granularity
perfect toast" impossible
Con
2 stars
15 seconds too long
can't adjust that
less than useful
would be ok if I could set it using a wider range
lacks the level of control
:(
Dead on Arrival
things went down hill
cheap looking plastic
pretty short
would not descend down far enough
almost half the price I paid
cheap looking
doesn't heat the bagle though
uneven
Doesn't toast evenly ever
not perfect
down side
will let heat out
move just a fraction
have to keep an eye
two small problems
caught on fire
keep an eye
1 star
would return
little experimenting
not recommend
wish I had never bought
One side comes out dark
one side comes out 1/2 toasted
expect inconsistency
expect consistency
hard
only issue
hard to clean
wish we didn't have to spray with pam
would change
wrong position
4 holer
too big
never used
Volkswagon bug!
Disappointed
THE BEST
lack of temp. control
extremely poor product design
disappointed
does not cook consistently
never ever had this problem
skeptical
plastic
too bad it doesn't go
concerned
only thing keeping this from a 5 star review
slightly overpriced
little uneven
Doesn't Pop up
down side
can't get the lever to come up
unplug
inconvenient
design
save your money
poor
narrow
burned
burned
threw the toaster out
utterly useless
not toast evenly
cheaply made
very uneven
hot
flimsy
concern
would have been a good buy
fantastic help in this depression!
Gimped
cheaply made
doesn't fit
poor
never keeps the elements on
forever
shut off soon
bakes
Pathetic
poor
bursting into flames
shattering
rub off
WAY too short
pathetically short
Don't buy
avoid
means nothing
cruddy
more expensive
complaints
Waste of Money
waste of time
Uneven
does not work
does not
bigger
only fit
doesn't really close
uneven
quick to break
weren't always consistent
flimsy
get stuck
wouldn't pop up
getting out of alignment
bent
no longer stayed
isn't built that well
might need replacing in a year
very unevenly
better
NO
hard to read
Burns
negatives
disconnected
fall
hard to see
small raised black line
not be able to set
biggest issue
no
fire hazard
Cannot recommend
worst
burns
barely toasted
hates
trash
burns everything
burns
too close
short
too short
gets stuck
smashed up against
doesn't work
Terrible
worse
never worked
did not work
MANY burned
No response
non-existant
wasn't really an easy way
headache
avoid
isn't reliable
bad
never buy
quibbles
aren't easy to read
way too dark
stainless steel
black
little dark
Short
very short
barely reaches
one problem
will not stay down
good years
unfortunate feature
don't like
don't get the same result
cheap
does not close very smoothly
poor
Dissapointed
did exactly what a toaster is supposed to
beloved
not the same
feel cheap
might break
dry
inconsistent
return
problem
not properly alligned
returned
incorrect
Disappointed
did not function properly
barely lit up
returned
ordered
bad
no
not successfully
not happy
not
drawback
slow
second toasting can be needed
does keep the crumbs
toasted a bit faster
worn looking
Uneven
can not get
toast EVENLY!!!
problem
slip down
did stop working
only complaint
reservations
concern
expensive
hate
not alot of extra space
recommend
two drawbacks
could have a mess
perplexed
Perplexing
only lasts for a few weeks
Do Not Buy
hate
impossible
lingering, festering smell pot
streaks of rust
"stainless"
all aesthetic and no practicality
should have been included
can't operate
returned
return
bit pricey
horribly overpriced
wasn't as firm
wilted
down side
wants to slip/slide
down side
MUCH smaller
way too small
dump it twice a day
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
folgers coffe can
not really much use
opens
a lot smaller than I thought
better off
tiny
Expensive
quite expensive
hard to fit
now is stinky
stinky
small
Beware
just terrible
too small
broke
go out
10$ plus 4$ shipping
went out
gave up the ghost and died
toy
doesn't work
only did work for a total of 8 weeks
Junk
load of trash
Save your money
topped out in a week
nolonger raise it's lid
too bad it did not function as expected
slightly smaller
quite a bit of rubbish
Excellent for the first year
toss it in the trash
pooped out
never improved
recommend
avoid
just doesn't stand the test of time
really a waste of money
looking for
only drawback
did not fit
open consistently
smaller
complaint
mangled
expensive
Broke
used up batteries very fast
broken
wasn't working
Frustrated
can't return
total loss
one annoying thing
annoying thing
go back
wait what seems like forever
immediately open again
open
NOT a dog-proof
disagree
VERY EASY to get around
opens as if not locked at all
all over the house
return
difficult to maneuver
return
damaged
bent
would not close properly
Disappointing
disappointing
crease
second issue
does not completely close
close it manually
wedge my toe
cheaply made
not worth
Cheap
waste
not working
waste
better off
more reliable
don't have to change the batteries
cheap
worthless
open and close on its own
doesn't open or close on its own at all
manually
very disappointed
Save your money
don't get
LOVED... for about a month
annoying
cool
WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE
open and close NON STOP
cover
incessant
smaller
disassembled
10 more minuets
over sensitive
annoying
couldn't take it anymore!
can't stand
hasn't worked
PASS
HEADACHE
not included
broke
misleading
didn't get what i expected
wasn't explicit
not easy to spot
look much bigger
use it in my bathroom instead
no inner bin
annoying
can't distinguish
setting the thing off inadvertantly
sound
joke
raise the lid for no apparent reason
refused to open
close right before we tossed the next load
time-consuming
bloody
manually
return
adjust the sensitivity
frustration
go with
annoying
opens when you walk by
adjust
does not come out quite far enough
strange angles
floor
Not useful
No
no
dumps
don't use
would not buy again
fit snugly
much longer than needed
little less than 3/4's full
waisting money
recommended
reservations
only complaint
work fine
slide down
returning
worried
break
Missing
Change
missing
never use
picture
return
missing
don't like
return
broke
isn't easy to use
perfect
thin
Not worth the money
gets stuck
not flat
can not sit flush
too weak
issues
cracking
Too small
quart size
returned
not smell-proof
taking a star off
expensive
too sensetive
small
not One Complaint
no suction
ton of bad
lack of
victim
no suction' syndrome
15 min
clogged pretty badly
Poor
empty several times
not what i thought
very loud
winy
not powered
hard
very short
emptied every room
cons
don't buy this
better choice
you will be disappointed
low
only negative
doesn't seem to do much
just fine
much better results
will not work
shocked
deep grooves
Very disappointed
fuming
smell fumes
returned
only last about 15 minutes
small con
quite short
new appliance
wine red
Doesn't work
don't buy
why I now have no idea
hard
didn't work
looks the same
no idea why this is recommended
save your money
don't get
not so well
bit noisy
located lower down than I would prefer
more accessible
died
burned out
clog
whining noise
very sorry to see it go
bit noisy
don't expect
don't expect
replacement
won't agitate it enough
look elsewhere
You'll end up happier
sucks
Very disappointed
broken
have to send it back without being paid
partial refund". C'mon!
performed more like
broken
very difficult
very loud
does not pick up very much
Very surprising
Terrible
waste of money
annoying
not so good
little weird
hurts
not sucking well
slowly turning
hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not
wearing out
weaknesses
enough to knock off
very bulky
strong smell of hot plastic
cordless
little short
Clogs easily
died completely
nothing but trouble
kept clogging
very hard to remove
spent hours trying to fish out
huge pain
quit picking things up entirely
won't suction anything
not worth it to us to fix it
definitely wished we had gone
cheap
poor performers
disposable
flaw major
terrible
barely do the job
clog
Badly
isn't even sealed
already dirty
Doesn't hold
one of the worst things I've ever bought
doesn't hold a charge at all
wasted time and money
would like it a bit quieter
swivles
be carefull
take a dive
hard to clean
Underpowered
lack of
similarly priced
much better
can't even pick up
only downsides
more than 5 pounds
only complaint
YELLOW
nasty bug-light yellow
good
clogs
not
Horrible
FRAUD ON THE WORLD
dust flies
either straight up or all the way down
Bulky
won't go under
still worked great
isn't self propelled
expecting just a little more
little else
picked up most of it after repeatedly going over
probably wouldn't buy it again
falls off
took off a star
beautiful
real work of art
yucky
joke
So much dirt
can't wear
major issue
never happened before
pretty bad
cannot wear
dirt
If I knew it I would have not bought it
headsup
didn't like
hated
junk
Replace
would be nice
overflow
don't fit
whirlpool effect
holes
stops working
whirlpool effect
difficult to grasp and turn
too small
had to send
back
leaking
Drawback
manually rinse out
noise
too hard
too hard
leaked
returned
all leak
return
puddle of water
all washed up
did not work
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
junk
shipped back
Lesson learned!
Spoiler alert!
actually 30.25 inches deep
Hate
did not take into account
necessary room
neglected to include
extends
necessary modifications
not as clean as
unbalanced
most difficult part
little difficult
wouldn't line up straight
did not fit anything
bit surprised
cheaper
doesn't get the little food stains out
not flexible
took some room
complain
tend to get unbalanced
does take some time
only downside
no draining
sopping wet
dreadful
broken
shameful
are suffering
SHAMEFUL!
Rattles a bit
rattled a bit too much
wish it came with a longer hose
can be messy
broken from the get go
broken
wet
complete waste of money
better off washing your clothes in your hands
bad
wonder
just as dirty as it was before it went in
can't really see it working well
pretty cheap
very shaky
continually fall off
terribly
crumpled
tons of knots and wrinkles
couldn't dry anything
lags
malfunctions constantly
do not judge a book.... by its cover
1 star
sent it back
not perfect
