Great, if it worked properly
Also the clock kept losing the time.
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.
I just wish it came with a carafe.
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.
kind of a pain to operate this thing.
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.
pot not working.
They were useless to help me.
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.
I found it cumbersome to operate.
The design is irritating beyond belief.
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.
Dies after 1 1/2 years
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water.
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.
We use the same brand, and sometimes it comes out without a crema.
great espresso but no room for larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.
What machine can't do this?
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
Buyer Beware!
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -
Great concept - Terrible execution!
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.
It will also shorten the life of the machine.
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into it due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.
Not worth the $$
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.
Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
Thanks for nothing, China!
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace
It just recently started leaking..
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.
This has to be a design flaw.
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
I have trusted Melita.
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make machine hazardous.
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.
Not happy with this item at all.
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.
$30 for 4 really?
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good.
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.
Not Stainless Steel
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.
They showed spots after a couple of washings!
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.
Don't buy these knives.
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.
Sketchy Advertising
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.
That is just not true with this product.
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.
I probalby will never use all the knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.
Worst knives ever...seriously
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.
They are crap.
Don't waste your time or your money on these.
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.
My only complaint is the edge.
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.
This is good, but the button is stupid.
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.
product good - shipment no
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.
Died within 4 months of purchase
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for it.
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.
Terrible Product - Don't Buy
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.
I am very disappointed with this unit!
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but it is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is it just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
Should have gotten a different brand.
It is fairly big...
It just seems a little cheap?
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Microwave broken just after return window expired
microwave broke yesterday.
Just after return window expired.
Won't recommend it.
Lacking specs
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.
OHHH, to have my old one back.
It's hard to see your food in this oven.
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.
First, the glass platter is broken.
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As it's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.
Dim display screen
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.
Still, the noise is of some concern.
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of it worked for me.
Tacky / non-retro microwave
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from this.
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.
Pray your toaster never fails
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.
It cost me $14.15!
Not good customer service.
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.
It's not the easiest to clean, either.
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?
Ok, but not great quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.
poor at toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.
Does not toast evenly
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.
Example of when digital is not better
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
uneven toast
Doesn't toast evenly ever.
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.
I think it is in the wrong position.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - Delonghi was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that it does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.
Doesn't Pop up easily
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give it 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
I purchased this toaster on ebay.
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.
Does not toast evenly
This toaster is very cheaply made.
I'm exaggerating but it does not weigh much.
The toasting was very uneven.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
It gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
Gimped Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)
Power cord is WAY too short.
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.
Waste of Money
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.
The only thing is a i wish it was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.
Sometimes it wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
It just isn't built that well.
Toastes very unevenly.
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like it.
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, it burns everything put into the oven.
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, it gets stuck.
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.
Essentially their support is non-existant.
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?
Short tail!
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like they might break at any moment.
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return it and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
problem with the door.
returned to shop wise for a refund
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect
Both toasters did not function properly straight out of the box.
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.
First one I bought didn't work at all.
It toasts.  Just no Domo face.
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.
Uneven Toasting
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.
My only problem with it is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!
Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can
I hate this garbage can.
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can
I love this horribly overpriced thing!
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."
The only down side is the weight.
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why it threw me off.
Expensive garbage can
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but it suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
Save your money on this item.
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
The motor just pooped out.
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
Broke within 3 months
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
NOT a dog-proof design
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return it.
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.
It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.
A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.
HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!!
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.
It s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.
I had to use it in my bathroom instead !
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.
As a result, we were constantly setting the thing off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
Sometimes it would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.
I'd like to return it, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.
Missing Part and Change of manual
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.
I return them and get refunded.
Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing.
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
Too small
I should have read the description better.
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.
The hose was clogged pretty badly.
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
You still have that dust cup problem.
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.
Very disappointed with this vacuum.
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.
the motor broke in less than two weeks.
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.
We returned the product
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
It is a bit noisy.
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.
Find something with a rotary brush.
Very disappointed about this vacuum.
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.
some parts good, some parts annoying
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.
It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.
The filtration is terrible.
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.
Doesn't hold charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.
I wasted time and money.
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!
Older Vacuums are still good
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
This machine is all washed up!
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
This is being shipped back today for a refund.
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
would not turn on immediately
returned
losing
faulty
if it worked properly
doesn't work either
flaw
wish it came
little more
perfectly
more expensive
suspect
Slightly disappointing
was hoping this would
three things that are disappointing
already rusted
really odd
drains down
great
inconveniences
which is an issue
few cons
Cons
not very hot
not really that strong
may not compare
two minor issues
shaken loose and leak
does not have
don't like
little awkward
flimsy
caught fire
strange
Beware
frustrated
a better cup
seems small
kind of a pain
really miss
meh
must be something better
really good
don't like
not working
useless
Too bad
Too bulky
terrible
apalling
stay away
incredible
the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner
Failed again
bad
disposable
half the price
didn't even know it was legal
SO unfair
BEWARE
not there
couldn't care less
you're out of luck
negative
At first I was reluctant
cumbersome
irritating beyond belief
few too many steps for me to enjoy fully
Wouldn't be a big deal
slower pour compared to
not accurate
Dies
stopped
One other issue
not very consistent
not repairable
sometimes it comes out without
no room
no room
Leaks,Leaks,Leaks
not usable
leaks
leaving
no longer purchase things like
can't do this
Beware
bad news
do not work properly
much worse
countless numbers of people who have had the problem
flooded mess
tends to leak
looking for a new
worth
solid
Be Careful
Terrible
RUN... Don't walk
Extremely flimsy
low grade
MUST hold
seriously flawed
funky
very hard
much more
should really reconsider
Even at full capacity it only makes
tons
ALL the condensation goes directly back into
best of all
frequently
rancid
shorten the life
CONS
does not work very well
NOISY
only one middling complaint
hard
not as large
wish they would fix
only complaint
four instead of five stars
Not worth
even worse than
has MORE
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on
LOUD irritating
less
still going strong after 15 years
doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long
not recommend
could buy an entire coffee maker for the price
easy breaks
get a cheaper
recommends
just died
still works
Thanks for nothing
not
We got two years
look flimsy plastic
cost a little more
would have given it five stars
quit
complaints
won't turn on
:(
too
little disappointed
no method
little difficult
only real flaw
Leaked
started leaking
leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter
Poor Choice
extremely difficult
flaw
drips all over the floor
enough to require a towel and make you mad
room for improvement
intimidating at first
Leaked
splattered
returned
leaked
splattered
ran too quickly
weak
Leaks badly
Breaks easily
trusted
complaints
soooooo leaky
runs down
became a big deal
Semi successful, but a pain
breakage issue
thin
took nothing at all to break
never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily
messy
went into the garbage
Very disappointed
substandard
few minor exceptions
pour off the lid onto your counter
can be interesting
dribbler
canceled
doesn't work
has more plastic parts than I prefer
Get a cheaper one
half the money
better
problems
the same or lower than
always drips
too fast
burned taste
Strange
bad taste
made it worse
spill a lot of
narrow
probably spill on
very short
hazardous
doesn't taste well
drips
spill most of the time
too
narrow
hazardous
never reaches
Could Be Better
only real drawback
used to it a little warmer
won't get it
not hot
Defective
acting up
shutting off immediately
shuts off directly
disappointed
not hot enough
loud
Not happy
Thanks
$30 for 4 really
What more could you asked for... Oh I know
Don't Buy
if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good
Big mistake
awful
wouldn't give this to my worst enemy
Don't be a sucker and buy
coated with moist grounds
plenty of nooks and crannies to clean
have to do this each time
you'll have a flood
flaw
weak
lukewarm
problem
not quite hot enough
have to nuke it
much less expensive
dramatically superior
AWFUL
DON'T BUY IT
Wish I had read other reviews
bowed out
lukewarm
tasted horrible
Cons
could be made better
hard to grip to open
wouldn't be worth much more
not polished
rough
rough
have been made better
did not like
still going strong
some issues
missing
a bit small
bit shallow
a bit too sharp
fall off of it very easily
No good
missing
rusted after one use
not recommend
Beware
very flimsy
smaller than
not going to work
be a challenge
returning
rust already
gouges
discolored
MITE BIGGER
MUCH BETTER
Not
negative
NOT as advertised
Don't buy
don't show spots
showed spots after a couple of washings
came washing off
minor issues
rust problems
only gripe
does not make
bit priceier
available at very few places
junk
split
threading' slivers
Junk
was amazed
GREAT
cant make them better than
isnt even good
dull unsharpable
they proved they can do the opposite
never going to use them without
Sketchy
touch elusive
not what I received
not
not
little disappointed
might prefer
total shame
not
pure junk
So damn funny
cannot believe anyone doesn't know
Not what I was hoping for
only used once
unable to use it again
:-(
NEGATIVES
NOT
inferior
thicker than
plays a major role
amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections
uneven
negative effect
other adverse quality issues
annoying trait
HORRIBLE
very-very prone
how easily and quickly
will not prevent the abhorring
unbeleivably HORRIBLE
will have stains all over
foggy
well
not recommend
lies
just not true
become dull
get exactly what you pay for
inferior
should be ashamed
could barely detect any such adverse characteristics
highly-stained
crappy
old
smudgy
way more expensive
cooked-up
manufacturing
There is a lot to say
get what you pay for
flawed high rating
quite amazed of the overly positive writings
only wish I could get
probalby will never use
Great if you like RUSTY
not great
not the sharpest
biggest problem
pretty much started rusting immediately
worth
These are not
cheaper version
save yourself the hassle and your money
Worst knives ever
crap
Not me
was hoping that they would slice better than
Nope
awful
worst part
already rusted
These are going back
crap
Don't waste your time or your money
I am not even kidding you
Not as impressed as others
returned
returned
didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected
replaced them
slightly faded
look rusty
only complaint
marginal at best
great deal of work
pain in the a**
broke right in half
only descent henkels come from
broke
longer than
embarassing
would never buy this international chinese junk again
garbage
suppose to
dont buy
returning
serious junk
stay away
lol
broke in half
not a big
no tactile feel
few drawbacks
Cons
biggest complaint
very loud, tinny
lightweight
not perfect
required only two
only drawbacks
little bit more of a hassle
heat things too much
no quality
Needed Repair
Never again
Error H98
Problem
lot of effort
too much
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave
never base a purchasing decision on brand name again
bit noisy
incorrect
little longer
we'll be selling this
larger
higher wattage
little too small
just barely fit
as far as functionality goes
wish it were a little more powerful
stopped working
does not
I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works
Too bad
It's a little on the noisy side
no control over
no power control
stupid
very mediocre
stupid
Not as quick
wish there was
stupid
doesn't document this feature very well
It would be way cool
don't document that
stupid
could easily be so much better
biggest shortcoming
only reason I did not give it 5 stars
not sure
how enormous
doesn't seem to cook any faster
less
little long
only negative
some complaints about
shipment no
broken off
you get what you pay for
Died within 4 months
cheap
barely made it 4 months
huge difference
learned my lesson
GARBAGE
garbage
Less than two months after I received it from Amazon.com it failed
generates NO heat
problem
will not accept
doesn't even mention
doesn't seem to be
piece of CRAP
DO NOT BUY THIS
terrible
was a little skeptical
we just wish
only negative
really quite difficult
would have been more convenient
avoid having
rather loud
isn't five-star-perfect
Terrible
Don't Buy
quit working
not worth the wait
wish I would just go buy another one
will not be purchasing another
Wish I would have just bought
Its tough these days living without
couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem
can't believe this is the quality
big
Never Buy Panasonic again
initially we were really pleased
after about 8 months the magnatron went out
should last a lot longer than
Unbelievable
we were without a microwave for 2 weeks
Dead after 4 months
Really weird
Hope I did not
lasted close to 20 years
failed much sooner
cost at least 3X
bit daunting
slightly smaller than
a bit louder than
*not* a benefit
not recommend
actively recommend against
big gripe
rather than from the point of view of the user
seems like it should be great
not an improved experience
isn't as easy
pseudo-analog
fingerprint magnet
not quiet
mildly irritated
awkwardness
regret
all-too-common
Any semi-advanced usage means consulting
Fairly minor
blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night
Should have stuck
not as good
disappointed
not happy
difficult
worked flawlessly
be problematic
step down
not the direction of change that I expected
reduction
counterintuitive
expensive
junk
expensive
not pop microwave popcorn properly
hard to
Worst of all
quit working
not honor
lasted over 10 years
expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year
not enough
keep the booklet handy every time I use it
would prefer
you must schedule 2 minutes and stand by to stop it at 1:30
Small downside
show fingerprints
more regular cleaning is required
Two problems
very disappointed
just got a lemon
whirring sound
HAD to take it in for warranty repair
would make for much quieter
did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair
problem
stopped heating
back at
two problems
not had the unit available for use for a month
Very disappointing
expensive
only minor issues
hard to see
nothing on the display to indicate that the oven is indeed cooking
BUYER BEWARE
Faulty
TERRIBLE
never order another Panassonic product in my life
bad loud
would not let our return process WITHOUT a technician certifying that the microwave has a problem
what ever happened to "the customers always right?"
jerk
tells her there's nothing wrong
messes up
warped
AWESOME
deranged
won't take it back
some crap for brains technician
nothing wrong
buzzing so loud
never has the right time
SUCKS
boycotting
damaged
broken OUT OF THE BOX
won't lift a finger to help
AVOID AT ALL COSTS
small
SMALL
too
can forget about be happy
not be happy
impossible
not enough
too
doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to
too
absolutely tweaky
small
cannot even fit
Dead after 10 months
One star
hate that I spent good money on this
Stopped dead after 10 months use
Should have gotten a different
don't work either
fairly big
cheap
had some nice
noisy
dislike
may break
frustrate
Unevan Cooking
Loud
very noisy
not the major complaint
never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one
donate it to the Good Will
buy another one
You can prepare 2 exact meals and one will come out over cooked, and the other one will come back lukewarm
ruined meal
broke
after return window expired
Won't recommend
broken just after return window expired
Lacking
doesn't' have that many fancy
Don't like
Very loud
Hard to figure out
should be call cook instead
OHHH, to have my old one back
Downsides
Needs a better
hard to see
confusing
Don't loose
not replaceable
can pop off
Concerned
dangerous glass breaking
cracked
very concerned
broken
concerned
dangerous
disappointing drivel
don't care
dangerous result
send us more
defective
inconvenience
never happened with
do not fit in
light
WAY-TOO-NOISY
Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY
NOT as sensitive to touch
INCONVENIENT
NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE
another inconvenience
inconveniences
HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE
(+_+)
not 91yr old user friendly
challenge
problematic
Dim
so dim it is difficult to read
returned
worse
couldn't be read
improperly assembled
Return
shows smuges/fingerprints easily
different
funny noise
only thing that gives me pause
is of some concern
Little Disappointing
slight downgrade
get what you pay for
quite nicely
by no means as good
little disappointing
so loved
don't know what went wrong
problem was same
don't know what went wrong
stockpile to dispose off
sad
none of it worked
Tacky
non-retro
big mistake
really cheap looking
cheap tacky looking
if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love
stay far, far, another galaxy away
too
little frustrating
couple of other complaints
only available
much smaller than
little slower
Except
Pray your toaster never fails
stopped working
wrong
cost
Not good
failed
don't fare very well
not the easiest
not full flushed
Burn hazard !!!!
had a blister on my finger
better
not great
turned out weird
too
puffed up to an extreme
basically worthless
definitely going to be shopping
poor
did not toast evenly
BUT I found it did not toast evenly
It's going back
Did realize that was asking so much
less than elegant
one big gripe
Feh
energy-waster
NOTHING looks better than
Does not toast evenly
does not toast evenly
Very disappointing
Find another toaster
stay away
fragile
seem more substantial
tends to dry out the toast too much
does not shut perfectly
not better
frustrating
Cons
Coarse
makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible
2 stars
1 Con
15 seconds too long
can't set
less than useful
lacks the level of control I need
:(
Dead
cheap looking
pretty short
feeling a little foolish
problem
half the price
cheap looking
broken
things went down hill pretty quickly
uneven
Doesn't toast evenly ever
not perfect
down side
two small problems
caught on fire
totaled changing rating to 1 star
nevermind
don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet
Doesn't feel substantial
would return it
Would not recommend
wish I had never bought
expect consistency
should have gone
bought whatever they had for under $15
hard to clean
only issue
hard to clean
wish we didn't have
only thing
only thing
wrong
too
never used
Somewhat Disappointed
THE BEST
extremely poor
3 stars
more than rather disappointed
extra 15-20 minutes
never ever had this problem
20 yrs
problems
too bad
larger than I would like
only thing keeping this from a 5 star review
slightly overpriced
little uneven
Doesn't Pop up easily
only down side
can't get the lever to come up
inconvenient
purchased this toaster on ebay
PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money
so poor
so narrow
burned badly
took the loss
threw the toaster out
truly surprised someone would manufacture something so utterly useless
also burned
Does not toast evenly
very cheaply made
does not weigh much
very uneven
would burn
gets so hot
so flimsy
be barely cooked
Gimped
cheaply made
doesn't fit properly
poor
never keeps the elements on
take forever to toast something
bakes everything instead of toasting
Pathetic
poor
bursting into flames
Just like other cheap
will rub off over time
WAY too
pathetically short
Don't buy
avoid at all costs
Worst excuse
means nothing anymore
cruddy
certainly more expensive than
won't be expecting it to last a lifetime
complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid
Waste
complete waste
Uneven toasting
does not work
does not even give you the option
a star
only thing is a i wish it was a little bit bigger
only fit
doesn't really close well
Strangely uneven
quick to break
weren't always consistent
pretty flimsy
get stuck
bent
no longer stayed
isn't built that well
Trouble
wouldn't pop up all the way
getting out of alignment
NOT GOOD ENOUGH
very unevenly
nothing
much better
little loud
NO timer
hard to read
Burns
negatives
disconnected
really hard to see
just a small
biggest issue
creating a fire hazard
really should be
Cannot recommend
negatives
hands down
worst
consistently burns
burnt to a crisp
hates
going in the trash
burns everything
burns everything
short
too
Worse
gets stuck
get stuck
doesn't work
find it really cheap at our next garage sale
too
Terrible
worse
never worked properly
problem
not work
MANY MANY burned
No response
no response
non-existant
another problem
wasn't really an easy way
wasn't worth
headache
wrong
isn't reliable
bad
prevent others from falling into the same pit I did
never buy Cuisinart again
avoid
little quibbles
aren't easy to read
too
minor issue
prefer
hard to tell
little dark
Short
takes up a lot
very short
barely reaches
problem
not stay down
nothing to write home about
not having
cheap, light, feel
does not close very smoothly
poor
nothing special
unfortunate
don't like
don't get the same result
have to "jimmie" it
Dissapointed
not the same quality
really feel cheap
feel like they might break
dry
inconsistent
buy
quick sale instead of building quality products
inclined to return
problem
not properly alligned
returned
incorrect
Extremely Disappointed
not function properly straight
barely lit up
got bright and hot
returned
ordered an entirely different brand
possible bad
bad product period
didn't work
not successfully planted
no Domo face
not happy
Biggest drawback
a bit slow
worn looking
doesn't really fit
Uneven
can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY
2.5 stars
didn't think it was worth
only problem
stopped working
only complaint
recommendation
concern
expensive
wouldn't spend this much money
two drawbacks
difficult to clean easily
perplexed
Perplexing
only lasts for a few weeks
fairly costly
no interior pail
Do Not Buy
hate
impossible
lingering
festering
all aesthetic
no practicality
have replaced it sooner
costs less than
breeze to clean
left with streaks of rust
should have been included
returned
very inconsistent
return this after this week
changed the batteries twice
silly
a bit pricey
silly
can't believe I paid this much
horribly overpriced
wasn't as firm as I expected
wilted
more wowed than 3 stars' worth
only down side
light
down side
MUCH smaller than
too
need to dump it twice a day
SMALL, SMALL, SMALL
folgers coffe can
not really much use
expensive
smaller than I thought
probably better
tiny
threw me off
Seems kind of spendy
Expensive
quite expensive
hard to fit
stinky
stinky
bit small
small
might be a little overkill
Beware
just terrible
too
broke early on
smartly went out
gave up the ghost and died
toy
doesn't
only did work for a total of 8 weeks
Junk
load of trash
too bad
Save your money
no matter what I do
toss it in the trash
pooped out
never improved
avoid
doesn't stand the test of time
really a waste
looking for
recommend
don't fit real cleanly
only drawback
did not fit
little smaller than
only complaint
mangled
pretty expensive
expected the best
Broke
broken
used up batteries very fast
broke
wasn't working
Frustrated
can't return
total loss
annoying thing
annoying thing
have to wait what seems like forever
immediately open again
Only problem
NOT a dog-proof
disagree
VERY EASY to get around
return
little difficult to maneuver
return
damaged
bent
defective
Disappointing
so disappointing
crease
does not completely close
have to either close it manually
cheaply made
absolutely not worth
Cheap
waste
not working
complete waste
better off getting
A lot more reliable
don't have to change
cheap
worthless
started to open and close on its own
like a little ghost kid is messing with it
very disappointed
Save your money
don't get this
have to manually push
extremely annoying
WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE
open and close NON STOP
did not even stop
problem
smaller
must be disassembled
added 10 more minuets to taking out
over sensitive
quite annoying
buying you new
hyper sensitive
crazy
laugh very hard
joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement
who needs a temporary
someone I dislike very much
PASS ON THESE
BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH
finally gave out
broke
misleading
didn't get what i expected
wasn't explicit enough
not easy to spot
makes it look much bigger than
had to use it in my bathroom instead
slight inconvenience
have no inner bin
two removable inner bins
annoying
thought this would be a great
can't distinguish
a bit of a joke
raise the lid for no apparent reason
refused
worse
necessitating a time-consuming cleanup
bloody
like to return
kicking the thing
save yourself the frustration
go with one
annoying
would like to be able
any complaint
does not come out quite far enough
does not lift out without some strange
would be fine
Not useful
constantly dumps its contents
don't use
would not buy again
only complaint
much longer than needed
little less than 3/4's full
Feel like Im waisting money
only complaint
slide down
sliding
Missing
Change
never use
missing
return
still missing
don't like
return
could find this exact one in
little thin
Not worth
gets stuck
can not sit flush
Too
returned
should have read the description better
not smell-proof
taking a star off
nothing's perfect
expensive
wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room
little small
ton of bad
lack of
fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome
pretty badly
Poor
not what i thought
very loud and winy
not powered
hard to
very short
needs to be emptied every room
cons
don't buy
must be a better choice
you will be disappointed
7 amp not 12
go for the extra
low
problem
only negative
awful
get much better results
will not work
shocked
not being able
Very disappointed
costing more than I wanted to spend
EXCELLENT
difficult
don't tell me I just wasted money
broke in less than
start fuming
could smell fumes
returned
only last
small con
quite short
probably would not have bought it
Doesn't work
don't buy
highly recommend ...why I now have no idea
hard to
didn't
looks the same
no idea why this is recommended
save your money
don't get it
not so well
noisy
lower down than I would prefer
would be more accessible
very low
burned out
noisy
don't expect
don't expect
no means
end up happier
look elsewhere
Find something
even if it runs you a few
sucks
Very disappointed
broken
without being paid
C'mon
broke
Terrible
absolute waste
broken
very difficult
does not pick up very much
Very surprising
performed more like
very loud
didn't want to pay
distraction
wish the attachment had a brush for dusting
annoying
not so good
little weird
hurts to take it off
not sucking well
slowly turning
Was hoping to find a good
guess not
I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick
weaknesses
enough to knock off a star
very bulky compared to
strong smell
complaints
only wish
little short
easily
died completely
nothing but trouble
very hard to remove
huge pain
finally quit
not sure what the problem is
not worth
frustrated
definitely wished we had gone with
won't suction anything
cheap
poor performers
disposable
terrible
flaw major
barely do the job
Badly
already dirty
quite bad
had to clean the main one 4 times already
one of the worst
wasted
Doesn't hold
doesn't hold
would like it a bit quieter
little wierd
be carefull
could break something
bit hard
Underpowered
still surprised
lack
similarly priced
much better at cleaning
can't even pick up
only downsides
more than 5 pounds
only complaint
YELLOW
still good
not on the side edges or front like
Horrible
FRAUD ON THE WORLD
Bulky
won't go under a coffee table like
still worked great
best isn't self propelled like
healthier
was expecting just a little more
very light
little else
probably wouldn't buy it again
took off a star
only thing is the attachment always falls off
little yucky
need to buy
joke
done faster
major issue
too much
never happened before
pretty bad
If I knew it I would have not bought it
headsup
problem
So much
only problem
Sorry but...didn't like it at all
different ball game for it
too much
wasn't quiet
wasn't quiet
kinda annoying to hear
don't think it was worth
didn't like
returning
doesn't say anything
well more cons then pros
like to spin around fast
was afraid
must be dirtier
was a work out for me
doesn't exactly save
I'm in the process in getting a refund
minds well forget
will hate U
always expect frustration, rage and tears
junk
Replace it as soon as you can
would be nice
Caveats
don't fit
don't do well
stops working
don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary
too
had to send the 1st order back
Drawback
probably not the most paractical
don't try
bit more noise
would not
too hard
leaked after only a couple of uses
returned
all leak
had to return
puddle of water
did not work
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
junk
I am sorry I did not read
being shipped back
Lesson learned
all washed up
Hate
neglected
could not have done
did not take
not as clean
tends to get unbalanced
probably have issues
most difficult part
little difficult
doesn't get
only thing I can complain
tend to get unbalanced
only difficulty
only downside
dreadful
steer clear
broken
battling
nightmare
shameful
we are suffering
still no resolution
SHAMEFUL
issues
pray you get a good one
still "reviewing" our case
wish it came with a longer
can be messy
Rattles a bit
rattled a bit too much
broken from the get go
broken
wet
complete waste
how bad
better off
just as dirty
can't really see it working well
pretty cheap
very shaky
don't see it replacing
continually fall off
crumpled
tons of knots and wrinkles
couldn't dry anything
lags
malfunctions constantly
not judge a book.... by its cover
deserves 1 star
sent it back
