No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.
If you do not stay far, far, another galaxy away from this.
The motor just pooped out.
It had not done this before (but I've owned this only since May 21, 2012) and it never happened with my prior microwave.
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.
I will keep this short if you like cheap tacky looking things, you are going to love this product.
Has all manner of functions, and I have to keep the booklet handy every time I use it.
Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well.
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.
Terrible - an absolute waste of money
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.
Works fine but makes a funny noise with fan when starting and stopping.
Sure, if you want to eat a mini bag of popcorn, it is great... but if your comfort food is popcorn, and you want any of the following: regular size bag, Orville's movie tub, or the pop up bowl popcorn, you can forget about be happy with the size of the microwave.
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.
Ok, but not great quality
This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it.
Too small
I also wish there was a "quick 30 sec", which I used more than anything on the old oven.
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.
I was a little skeptical on purchasing with all the up and down reviews but went ahead and purchased anyway.
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.
Buyer Beware!
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.
I just wish it came with a carafe.
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.
This produces a very loud, tinny clang that can be heard all through the house.Although it is a large oven, it is lightweight and quite often pushing the door release will slide the entire oven backwards.Changing the power level requires pressing the power level button multiple times - e.g., defrosting at 30% level requires pushing the power level eight times.
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.
The "Sensor Reheat" function works well as long as your food is not covered (and anything with tomato products or beans probably should be covered).Cons:Our biggest complaint is the noise it creates when closing the door.
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.
Not happy with this item at all.
Then after about 8 months the magnatron went out.
Just after return window expired.
We don't care that our machine produced such a dangerous result; 2.)
I mostly use it for warming up my food and I have no complaints whatsoever!And I know there's been some complaints about the sticker on the front but it's really nothing to worry about.
I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund".
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!
This is being shipped back today for a refund.
Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing.
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good.
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.
this is the ideal inexpensive utilitarian microwave with everything you need - unfortunately two of the three wheels were broken off the turn table when it arrived.
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.
poor at toasting
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.
Luckily it was under warranty and Panasonic did repair it but we were without a microwave for 2 weeks.
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.
Not Stainless Steel
The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can.
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.
Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid.
Immediately we heard a bad loud ringing sound in our POS Microwave and contacted Amazon for a return.
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.
If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.
You'll find it really cheap at our next garage sale.
I can't believe this is the quality coming from a Japanese company.
Toastes very unevenly.
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.
The one I returned was worse and couldn't be read.
It is fairly big...
Our old oven required only two - power level and 3 on the keypad.Likewise, setting nine minutes on the "Quick Min" function requires pushing the "Quick Min" button nine times and then pressing start.
The appliance works ok but the display is so dim it is difficult to read.
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.
Although seemingly very high tech, I would prefer a knob to the current way of setting time for other options.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because every now and then it will disrupt my internet service when it's on............not always though, just every once in awhile
I am very disappointed with this unit!
OSTER doesn't even mention it's existence on their website, and there doesn't seem to be any warranty for it.
I can't set it to "1.75" for example.
Missing Part and Change of manual
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
OHHH, to have my old one back.
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.
Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement.
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.
This is my third Panasonic microwave and yes, they frustrate me when they don't last.
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.
I return them and get refunded.
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.
What machine can't do this?
HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!!
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.
Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP.
Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do.
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.
Very powerful, but not enough gradient controls
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.
They showed spots after a couple of washings!
Not good customer service.
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.
Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.
In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in.
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.
Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.
Don't like Panasonic NN SN651B at all.
Should have stuck with a tried-and-tested control setup.
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.
Thanks for nothing, China!
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.
First one I bought didn't work at all.
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.
Not worth the $$
This has to be a design flaw.
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.
When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
I was initially pleased with this microwave until it quit working after four months of use.
It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.
It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.
The only negative is the light doesn't come on until you power on.
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.
A microwave should last a lot longer than 4 to 8 months.
It's a little on the noisy side when it is in use, but it does what it's supposed too.
I have trusted Melita.
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.
No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."
Very disappointed about this vacuum.
We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes.
Replacement is glossy and shows smuges/fingerprints easily.
Original item arrived improperly assembled by manufacturer.
Died within 4 months of purchase
The nearest authorized dealer is a 60 mile round trip--120 miles total for dropping off and then picking up--a lot of effort for a $150 purchase but too much money just totoss out and say lesson learned.There is no quality in any manufacturer anymore.
I began to be disappointed as soon as I set it on my cabinet.
I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
Sketchy Advertising
microwave broke yesterday.
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
Expensive garbage can
I will be boycotting ALL of their products from now on!!
Waste of Money
And if they replace the broken product as promised, within a reasonable period of time I may change my rating to provide for at least making an effort to address the problem.
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
I am not happy with the type and layout of the controls, which are counterintuitive and difficult to operate if you are trying not to use dirty fingertips.
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.
Wish I would have just bought a microwave from Wal-mart...at least I could have just returned it and gotten a new one.
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.
Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.
Second, I am concerned that this microwave is dangerous having done such a thing.I submitted the above information in the 600 word complaint/support form on the Panasonic website.
Don't waste your time or your money on these.
I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting.
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.
Essentially their support is non-existant.
When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.
Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.
This is good, but the button is stupid.
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.
It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.
This is a total piece of garbage microwave.
This is a basic microwave oven with some cool features and a very mediocre user interface.
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.
Doesn't Pop up easily
We did not have a microwave for the 2 weeks of warranty repair since parts were not available at the Panasonic authorized service dealer and had to be shipped.
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.
You may be later tolerant of it, because the regular size popcorn bag will stop getting stuck on the sides of the microwave once it is almost FINISHED popping, about, 15 seconds, give or take a few... but you will not be happy to know that it is impossible to get the tub or the pop up bag to pop all the way or correctly because there is not enough space, vertically.Not only is it just too small for my capacity of popcorn inhalation, the glass plate doesn't seem to like to stay where it is supposed to.
Worst of all, it quit working just AFTER the one year warranty & Panasonic will not honor the warranty.
Find something with a rotary brush.
Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.
The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid.
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.
Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing.
This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.
But as far as functionality goes, I'm afraid they put everything into the looks and not the works.
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.
Pushing a button to open the door is different, had to get used to.
The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down.
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace
another half and inch of range and it would be fine.
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.
Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.
I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store.
I bought another Panasonic microwave oven and that one also turned off with a pop within a month and the problem was same.
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.
When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.
Still, the noise is of some concern.
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.
The only thing that gives me pause is the fan makes a noise when microwave starts and stops.
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.
Also the clock kept losing the time.
This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.
It would burn one edge and the other would be barely cooked.
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.
The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.
Do Not Buy This Garbage Can
It is a bit noisy.
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
The bulb is not replaceable from the inside.The turntable can pop off the spinner, but that's not uncommon for these types.Cleaning is easy.
Panasonic Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 16 1/2" # F06014M00APUPDATE:  The response I got was disappointing drivel.
After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return it.
I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.
It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.
Can be confusing options for setting the controls and clock.
Uneven Toasting
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
We use the same brand, and sometimes it comes out without a crema.
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?
Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room.
some parts good, some parts annoying
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.
The door seems light but thats fine as long as it holds up.
I hate this garbage can.
I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price.
the description of the item wasn't explicit enough.
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
Great in theory, annoying in practice
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!
Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible.
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.
They usually cost at least 3X a standard consumer model, which was a bit daunting until our most recent consumer microwave developed a hole in the rear of the cavity.
I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.
First, the glass platter is broken.
All microwave ovens I've had in the past lasted over 10 years, & I expected to get at least 5 years out of this one, not just one year.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.
My wife takes it to the service repair jerk who tells her there's nothing wrong with the microwave AND messes up the reconstruction of the unit so now the frame is all warped.
I don't use mine and would not buy again.
The extra $20 might make a huge difference.
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long.
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.
Fan is a bit noisy when unit is in use but I've gotten used to it and hardly notice any more.
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.
It toasts.  Just no Domo face.
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!
It will also shorten the life of the machine.
They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
Does not toast evenly
Tacky / non-retro microwave
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.
It just isn't built that well.
It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood
NOT a dog-proof design
So, in the 3 months we have had the unit we have had two problems and not had the unit available for use for a month.
It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.
My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.
Defrost should be call cook instead of defrost.
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that it does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).
It also takes a little longer to heat items up which is to be expected since this is a lower wattage.
pot not working.
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return it and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
(Panasonic doesn't document this feature very well, really.)
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.
It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
It is now back at the service shop waiting for a part.
It s Ok, but the picture is misleading.
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
The design is irritating beyond belief.
Great, if it worked properly
Won't recommend it.
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.
The door opening mechanism, which had worked flawlessly on the previous unit, began to be problematic within two weeks, usually not opening the door without a second push and often requiring a light pull on the top of the door.
Sometimes it wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
But right off the bat the microwave's fan made a whirring sound at startup and shutdown, that was audible enough that I HAD to take it in for warranty repair.
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, it burns everything put into the oven.
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into it due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.
Its tough these days living without a microwave with a large family.
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.
First thing I did was tap the power button then turn the wheel, but no, that would be too easy and intuitive; with the pseudo-analog power display to watch as you do it, unlike controlling time this would actually work nicely.
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, it gets stuck.
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.
Then the whole thing went into the garbage.
A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.
Dies after 1 1/2 years
the motor broke in less than two weeks.
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.
However, in the case of this microwave, it is really quite difficult to shut the door without touching the stainless--would have been more convenient for a small touch pad on the door to avoid having to constantly wipe off the smudges.
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.
although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.
I've been a Panasonic fan for years until I purchased this microwave.
I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).
It's not the easiest to clean, either.
The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.
I'd like to return it, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario.
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
It just recently started leaking..
I was hoping that microwave technology in this day and age would make for much quieter operation.
Microwave broken just after return window expired
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make machine hazardous.
This was a slight downgrade from my last Panasonic Microwave, but I needed a slightly smaller one, and couldn't pay quite as much.
For $30, I won't be expecting it to last a lifetime.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like they might break at any moment.
I probalby will never use all the knives
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.
You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
Great concept - Terrible execution!
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.
Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.
I wasted time and money.
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.
Save your money on this item.
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.
Hope I did not get a dose of radiation if the door was not shut all the way......
:/I will update on the actual efficiency of the microwave if I choose to use it for anything other than popcorn.But, for the people who are looking for an opinion on size.... it is too small for a regular size bag of popcorn.Also, I do know that at  .7cu it is supposed to be small, but when it cannot even fit a regular size bag of popcorn... well, that just makes me absolutely tweaky.P.S.
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.
You can send us more money to have our defective product repaired and/or replaced.
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.
I'm exaggerating but it does not weigh much.
I actually prefer Jiffy Pop Popcorn (it is the best popcorn, and I am a popcorn snob), but popping the Jiffy Pop on the stove is very loud, and living in an apartment, it is just not courteous to make such loud , rapid popping noises at 1 a.m....To get more to the point, the microwave works well, heating wise (so far), but it is too small for even a regular size bag of popcorn.
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.
great espresso but no room for larger cup
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service
The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!
uneven toast
The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash.
In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.
I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can.
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).
Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.
Our old oven required only pushing "Quick Cook" and 9 on the keypad (without having to press start).The keypad had no tactile feel.
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.
After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.
The filtration is terrible.
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.
Does not toast evenly
By around the end of September 2012, it had stopped working -- the timer and fan turn on, but it does not heat anything up any more.
I am sad because I liked the brand and none of it worked for me.
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.
It cost me $14.15!
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.
I'll never base a purchasing decision on brand name again.
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.
I suppose that's barely a gripe.Overall, I when using it I'm just mildly irritated by the awkwardness of it, and regret the purchase.
It is very noisy, but that is not the major complaint.
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.
This cooks quite nicely, but the defrost and the reheat functions are by no means as good as they were on the more expensive model.
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give it 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
The control nob is *not* a benefit.  Do not recommend.
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.
Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.
Never again.The microwave arrived on December 9, 2009 and today, January 3, 2010, is displaying Error H98: "Problem with microwave generation system.
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.
I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.
I think it is in the wrong position.
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.
Don't buy these knives.
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect
Now we are left with a deranged microwave and Panasonic won't take it back because some crap for brains technician tells us "nothing wrong with this unit."
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(
It's hard to see your food in this oven.
And by the way, AMAZON - you have a terrible return policy on this product.
The only thing is a i wish it was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.
My only complaint is the edge.
Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.
The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.
Older Vacuums are still good
The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but it suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around.
Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic.
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.
I used one of those plates for microwaving bacon and it just barely fit.
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.
I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise.
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.
I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!"
The toasting was very uneven.
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.
It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.
Stopped dead after 10 months use.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
I've had to clean the main one 4 times already.
I found it cumbersome to operate.
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.
My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.
Our first microwave, back in the 70's, lasted close to 20 years.
Counter Top Microwave -this is my 3RD round:Maybe because the previous ones were manufactured in the United States,the quality was to my satisfaction;however, this one, maybe because it's manufactured in China --Annoyingly WAY-TOO-NOISY, buttons are NOT as sensitive to touch, especially the START BUTTON (have to hold DOWN the unit with one hand & press hard the SB 2-3 times with the other -- INCONVENIENT);SIGNS ARE NOT CLEARLY VISIBLE -- another inconvenience.As it's COMPACT serves my need!As for the POWER USAGE, we shall see when I get the bill.I'll get adjusted to the inconveniences but the HIGH-VOLUME-NOISE of this product is something else;Hope, it gets improved in the future.
Not a bad microwave, all in all, but it was just a little disappointing after I had so loved my older one.
I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can
You still have that dust cup problem.
Unfortunately, It is going in the trash.
The product gives very nice service, but I don't know what went wrong with my two Panasonic ovens; now I have a stockpile to dispose off.
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!
Needless to say...I will not be purchasing another Panasonic Microwave.
returned to shop wise for a refund
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.
That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore!
POS -- BUYER BEWARE -- Faulty MicroWave AND TERRIBLE customer service!
I purchased this oven based on the reviews, big mistake.
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.
The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot.
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - Delonghi was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
Sometimes it would raise the lid for no apparent reason.
First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.
Broke within 3 months
It would be way cool if you could figure out the cooking profiles, but they don't document that, either--they just say "potato" or "frozen pizza" and assume they know how to cook it.
10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.
It will not pop microwave popcorn properly, & the door is hard to open.
While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.
Lacking specs
Then within a month of that problem, the microwave stopped heating right in the middle of a heating cycle, consistently.
Terrible Product - Don't Buy
They were useless to help me.
As a result, we were constantly setting the thing off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke.
product good - shipment no
My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof.
Going through Panasonic warranty and repair shops is not worth the wait.
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
The only negative to the unit is that it is a fingerprint magnet, as are most stainless steel appliances.
Dim display screen
Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
Very disappointed with this vacuum.
kind of a pain to operate this thing.
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.
Both toasters did not function properly straight out of the box.
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear
All subsequent models have failed much sooner.
The sleek stainless steel design is also nice.The only drawbacks are a lack of a number pad, which makes entering time a little bit more of a hassle, and that the reheat mode seems to heat things too much.
Worst excuse for a toaster oven I've ever seen from Black & Decker.
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.
It just seems a little cheap?
The inverter feature is a definite benefit IMO.We haven't evaluated a lot of the complex functions in terms of how well they work.My big gripe though, is the design - specifically what it's like to control - i.e.
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
But I didn't want to pay those prices.
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.
The door is a bit noisy to close and that is the only thing I dislike because it seems overly hard and so I am thinking it may break but time will tell.
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic.
They are crap.
Not as quick as my old uWave, which just starts when you press the quick-buttons.
I think we'll be selling this and getting one that is larger with higher wattage.
I love this horribly overpriced thing!
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.
I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.
This is not a big microwave, but it does everything I want.
We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.
It is still a good unit but is a step down from the older model, which is not the direction of change that I expected, and indicates a reduction in general design and production quality for the brand.
The dimensions on it however are incorrect.
One star because I hate that I spent good money on this microwave.
The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.
Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
Should have gotten a different brand.
It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything.
I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.
We are good customers and did everything we were told to do and we're left with a damaged product which was broken OUT OF THE BOX and Panasonic won't lift a finger to help.AVOID AT ALL COSTS
The hose was clogged pretty badly.
When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted."
works fine - not 91yr old user friendly
Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.
You need to know the right numbers to do that: 17 and 15.Fairly minor:The Aluminum front is a fingerprint magnetThe display blazes so bright it lights up the *adjacent* room at night.
Needed Repair Before 30 Days Old
The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is.
The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there.
We got two years out of this coffee maker.
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down
Doesn't toast evenly ever.
Example of when digital is not better
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.
Concerned about dangerous glass breaking
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.
I paid $170 for this big, expensive microwave.
When speaking with Panasonic I couldn't help but to think they knew there was a problem with their product before they put it on the market.
Maybe it's just me but I am used to over the counter units and have had some nice ones.
Power cord is WAY too short.
That is just not true with this product.
Pray your toaster never fails
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.
You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.
Please note that this model doesn't have a clock for telling time and the done signal is a bit louder than most consumer models that we've owned, but it's still "all thumbs up."
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.
I purchased this toaster on ebay.
Doesn't hold charge
Great if you like RUSTY knives
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.
We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can.
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...
Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
Even amazon admits there is a problem with it, yet they will not accept a return on it.
A good microwave but not as good as earlier model
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.
This machine is all washed up!
Small downside is the front panel does show fingerprints so more regular cleaning is required.
Gimped Toaster
Popcorn setting runs a little long have to pull the popcorn so it doesn't burn.
We returned the product
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.
Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why it threw me off.
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like it.
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.
Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.
$30 for 4 really?
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.
Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.
