My only problem with it is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.
It gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).
Short tail!
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.
If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.
It's the all-too-common interface designed by the embedded controller engineers, rather than from the point of view of the user.The control nob seems like it should be great, but setting the duration is not an improved experience.
I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around.
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.
While defrosting some frozen vegetables on a microwave safe plate, the microwave cracked the glass of the plate and the glass platter (pictured here; Panasonic Microwave Glass Tray (16 1/2") A06014M00AP) that came with the microwave (Panasonic Prestige NN-SD997S)!
I have never had a microwave cook as unevenly and this one.
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.
The only down side is the weight.
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.
I had to use it in my bathroom instead !
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.
Again no power control, and no way to use it if you don't happen to be cooking potatoes or one of the other 8 food items listed.
I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement.
The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.
Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
Worst knives ever...seriously
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
A uWave with a smart and a stupid button, sort-of.
I will never order another Panassonic product in my life!
It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can.
I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans!
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
This was worth the purchase, but we just wish it had an "add 30 sec" button.
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.
Spring wasn't as firm as I expected
problem with the door.
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.
Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us.
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water.
If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily.
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.
Its biggest shortcoming is that the user interface could easily be so much better.
This toaster is very cheaply made.
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.
I'm probably going to donate it to the Good Will, and buy another one.
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.
Its a bit big, but I think that's just because we have zero counter space.
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.
My f-in-law asked me to find him a new microwave capable of softening ice cream ~ his old unit had the number read-out die.The new unit works fine; having to figure out new controls has been a challenge for this 91 yr. old (active) gentleman.HE likes the unit.The need to continually hit a reset button has been problematic.He is having a learning curve issue with re-heating food especially bread products.
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.
I should have read the description better.
