It works great and I love the trash can.
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer
Easy to instal.
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).
Works really well too.
This is a very good looking, full powered microwave.
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!
Aside from that they work well.
Great coffee easy to use
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.
The price is unbelievable.
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!
Easily the best microwave I have ever owned.
I especially like the carafe warming plate.
Sturdy toaster
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!
I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.
Heats foods evenly and at right temperature.
The best product ever received
I'm very pleased with the toaster.
shipped fast,works great
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with it.
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!
I love this coffeemaker.
Each time I looked and felt I would not get another one on principle, but I didn't find another brand I liked.
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.
No more stinky burned popcorn!Downsides.
Colors are great.
Good looking, multiple features and great performance
It is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, it has not given me any problems yet.
Large size good for our purpose.
Boys love buttons, and toddlers love to "help" around the house, so this little microwave is a big favorite of my son.
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.
A little vacuum with big power!
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.
Great product, great price.
I love not having a top.
Better than my ja Henckels
Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.
blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.
Very sharp looking garbage can.
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.
well built
We're happy with them.My wife wanted black for our black kitchen with a large platter, I wanted it to fit the hole in the kitchen,... so fitting our criteria, I ordered this one.
While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.
The product far exceeds expectations.
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.
All of the functions work as expected.
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!
Great price for both.
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."
I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e.
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.
I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close.
Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!
Grab the Linx!
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.
I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones.
It is very nice looking and easy to keep clean.
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.
Good Mill & Brew
It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.
Excellent for the first year
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.
I especially like the buttons and controls.
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.
Very nice and unique item.
I have really got my monies worth..
Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.
It is a powerful oven.
It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.
I like that I can lock it on top.
Great Microwave!
So being able to toast right from the freezer with good results will save many a loafs, bagels and muffins from the composter.
Decent for a decent price
Excellent Microwave
Grab the Linx Cleaner!
It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece.
I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.
I love that it stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.
Good, neat looking
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.
Things that took 90 seconds in our old oven only take 60 seconds in this one.
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.
It fits right where I wanted it to and looks great!
I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.
Satisfied Customer!
the new technology is great, i use sensor reheat quite frequently, it heats my dishes up nicely without getting so hot it burns you.
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.
The cavity is actually slightly smaller than the predecessor, but is working better for big dishes as a result of the dishes not rotating.
I even like changing the bag.
The coffee it makes is outstanding.
Love DeLongi maker.
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.
Wow, convenient and good looking
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.
great product
Powerful for its size.
The unit does have good power and the sensors and turntable operate well.
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!
Our old GE unit would do a good job of heating the edges of the food items and leave a cold core, but not the case with this unit.
This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.
Brave Little Toaster!
If it's durable, we'll have this one for a long time.
This is a very nice knife set for the price.
Great buy
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.
No burnt or bitter taste.
Yup, the best microwave I've ever had - redux
Sears Kenmore is always tried and true.
We were all amazed by how slender the can is.
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.
Normal sized plates do not fit in.As a student I liked this microwave.
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.
The main reason I love this oven is because it is large enough to hold a 9"x13" pan.
