This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button.
Also the clock kept losing the time.
If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine.
Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw.
I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.
Great Coffe maker
My husband is thrilled i bought Coffe maker for him.
Coffe maker just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
It just want he wanted.We would both recommend Coffe maker to others.
Easy to use
Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings
DeLongi maker works like a champ
Love DeLongi maker.
I just wish it came with a carafe.
Solidly built product.
I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased.
I have had no problems with the hot water side.
Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste.
I especially like the carafe warming plate.
I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste.
My carafe does leak when I pour the water in but frankly, I have never had one that did not leak.
This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned coffee maker a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!
You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200.
Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky.
After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee.
But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste.
The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind.
It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee.
You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!"
need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.
It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee.
There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month.
It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed.
The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot.
The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot.
If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
Great espresso machine with a few cons
I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, espresso machine has not given me any problems yet.
I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy.
It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.
Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price
This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine.
15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it.
A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents.
It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee.
For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however.
First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak.
Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
Great Coffemaker
My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting.
So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price.
I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great.
The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean.
It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles.
It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat.
The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning..
I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.
Nice coffee maker
They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.
It works fairly simply.
great product
This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.
Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.
I would definitely recommend this product.
I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire.
my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.
the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.
kind of a pain to operate this thing.
i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.
i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
I love several features.
This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself.
The temperature of the coffee is the best part.
It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready.
The design is attractive.
The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine.
pot not working.
Love the the singer serve.
Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.
Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.
This sucker makes the best coffee
I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning.
I recommend sucker for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker.
My favorite feature is the temperature settings.
You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot.
Love this machine!
The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.
Shipping time was less than estimated.
Happy with the product and service.
Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away
This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos.
It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use.
Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!).
And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE.
De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
Great coffee easy to use
I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.
At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.
But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.
It makes a great cup of coffee.
Better than the Kurig.
In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.
Great maker for the price
This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100.
This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2.
The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much.
The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4.
The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5.
I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.
Much less expensive to use than Kurig
Good cup of coffee.
Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.
Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.
I found it cumbersome to operate.
Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.
The design is irritating beyond belief.
You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.
Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.
And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.
The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma.
Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?
I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.
This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate.
This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then espresso machine just stopped heating water.
I called the company and they said that espresso machine was not repairable and to toss it out.
I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss espresso machine out.
One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso.
We use the same brand, and sometimes espresso comes out without a crema.
I was very happy with my purchase.
I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily.
Thank you so much for your quality service.
great espresso but no room for larger cup
She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable!
This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine.
We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?
Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee.
After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't.
great buy
this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter.
best coffe pot i have had
If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds.
The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee.
It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on.
I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love automatic latte maker.
This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business.
You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte.
I really hope whoever buys this enjoys automatic latte maker as much as I do!!!!
Great coffemaker for the price
I love this coffeemaker.
It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.
I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.
This is a very nice product.
shipped fast,works great
got order faster than expected, was packaged well.
took it out of box and was using right away, great.
RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -
Great concept - Terrible execution!
Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter.
Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing.
The condensation issue is seriously flawed.
Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready.
The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky.
Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean.
Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee.
For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop.
It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back.
One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price
The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer.
These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not.
The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo.
It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it.
Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor.
And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key.
This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1.
If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors.
You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up.
If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model.
The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2.
You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time.
But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3.
It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense.
Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
Decent for a decent price
I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into Cuisinart due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.
Other than that, it makes great coffee.
It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.
A Fine Cup of Coffee
Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee.
I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it.
I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.
Great coffee maker!
I love this coffee maker.
It brews good coffee, very quickly.
The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.
However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible.
Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe.
Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it.
State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do.
As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm.
It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter.
But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years.
All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe.
The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks.
Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died.
The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods.
A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on.
The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic.
A timer is very useful.
There are many such nice coffee makers in the market.
For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering.
Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?
This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.
It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.
Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.
The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.
Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results
I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.
This coffee maker makes very good coffee.
The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.
I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.
We are very pleased with this purchase!
We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)
8 years of great coffee
We have never had problems with coffee pot up until about a week ago.
It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing.
Today coffee pot won't turn on :(.
I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us.
The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough.
All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.
Wonderful coffemaker
This coffee maker is simply wonderful.
The coffee it makes is outstanding.
The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste.
Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.
Good Mill & Brew
The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee.
I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset.
I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it.
Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.
Love coffee pot
We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you.
It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work.
We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup.
If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system.
I think it is safe to say product is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee.
It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot.
Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee.
With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted.
Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great.
So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste.
My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting.
Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup.
I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess.
Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.
Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace
Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.
It just recently started leaking..
I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker
This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.
This has to be a design flaw.
I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!
Their new electronic machines just don't cut it.
This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for.
I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it.
This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!!
It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it.
Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it!
I'd recommended Espresso Machine as the perfect gift or addition to your home.
Definitely worth the cost!
Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!
While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!
wonderfull coffee
Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee.
I love that coffee stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning.
No burnt or bitter taste.
I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket.
While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)
This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.
The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily
It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.
Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.
Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.
I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.
Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
brews great coffee
Love the timer feature.
Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes
Makes excellent coffee!
I love this coffeemaker.
Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen.
I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.
Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!
I cannot believe that people have problems with machine:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak.
You CAN froth milk nicely.
I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter.
At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark.
It is an excellent shot.
On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's.
Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine.
If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost.
I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with machine.
machine is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day.
If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity.
I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).
Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.
I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.
Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate.
I can recommend this brand/model.
Awesome Coffeepot!
It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size.
It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!
This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday!
It makes great espressos!
We even use it to make mochas!
This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.
I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.
I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
Satisfied Customer!
The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!
It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.
It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.
It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.
I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.
I recommend it without hesitation,
Get a cheaper one
For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee.
Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always.
You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste.
You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow.
It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug.
A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.
Works Great
I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning.
For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.
**I also love the "brew strength" setting.
I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.
**The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).
**I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.
Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature.
I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.
Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.
What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
A nice coffee machine
Makes good coffee.
THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.
I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer.
The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing.
Not happy with this item at all.
Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift.
The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, storage water filtered.
What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters.
I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew
We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, Cusinart Grind-and-Brew's gotta be good.
I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.
the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.
Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
Wish I had read other reviews
The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.
It only produced 16 oz.
of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker
Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day.
We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this.
Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe.
No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
