Good Knives for the Money
These are nice knives for a 70$ knife set, but they wouldn't be worth much more than that.
Though they are made of relatively nice steel, the sides of the knives are not polished and the notches in the santoku blade are rough.
This seems to defeat the purpose of the notches in the blade because vegetables cling to the side of the blade no matter what due to the rough steel.
Eventually I'll upgrade to a high end set of Henckel or Wustof knives, but for now these knives will serve fine.
I seriously LOVE these knives.
I shopped online a while to find a good set that is not too expensive and these are great!
When I compared them to the ones I'm giving away the quality is unbeatable.
They are thick and very sharp not to mention they look great on my counter!
The scissors could have been made better (did not like them) so I kept the ones from the other set and replaced them.
I STILL gave this set 5 stars because they really are good.
Another set I have had for 5 years came from IKEA and they are still going strong.. let's see how long these last.
Love these knives
Hold an edge well and I personally like that they are not so heavy.
Better than my ja Henckels
I have a set of ja henkel knives I got from Costco years ago that I thought were good.
Needless to say the Henckels got wrapped up and these stayed at home.Great weight and sharp, feel sturdy and comfortable in your hand.
I cook and cut constantly and these babies are good.
I have some very good knives but can definitely see these getting a lot of use.Anyone who says these are not sharp enough are insane.
Unless u need a surgeons scalpel these will be plenty sharp enough to cut any food.
There were some issues when the package first arrived, 4 steak knives were missing.
I simply returned that set and recieved a great set in the mail a few days later.
Great forks, decent spoons, sharp knives
To that end: the forks are perfect!
My kiddo now enjoys eating with one because she's not frustrated by an ineffective plastic utensil.
The spoon is perfectly ok, it's just a bit small, and the bowl is a bit shallow, so things like peas and corn fall off of it very easily, which frustrates her and then causes her to go back using her fingers.
The knife is a bit too sharp for a 2 y.o.
First of all I only recieved the knives...it was missing the block.
Then...although the knives are sharp and do cut well...the first knife I used rusted after one use!!
Great knives
So far the knives have worked great, no complaints thus far.
There are extremely sharp and comfortable to use.
Having the option to sharpen is also a plus.
This plastic silverware is very flimsy and the size is smaller than other plastic utensils.
I'm sure it would be a challenge to fork a meatball.
A Decent Set of Knives
The knives are sharp, and I like the built in sharpener.
However, out of the box there were gouges in the blades edge that I had to remove by sharpening the knives.
Also, I have been hand washing the knives, but one of them is starting to rust already, by the handle, (2 weeks old) and the scissors have discolored along with another knife.
Aside from that they work well.
OK , BETTER THAN THE ONES WITH SKINNY HANDLES
THEY FIT YOUR HAND BETTER THAN SKINNY HANDLES , SO YOU CAN USE THEM WITHOUT HURTING YOUR HAND.
THE OVERALL SIZE IS A MITE BIGGER , BUT THATS OK , THAT WAY I CAN SHOVEL IT IN FASTER , THEY ARE STRONG SO THEY DON'T BEND AROUND.
THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ONES OUT THERE , IF YOU WANT TO PAY MORE , BUT FOR THE PRICE THESE ARE JUST FINE.
Fabulous value for everyday use
This flatware is heavy duty, yet looks elegant.
It feels great in your hand and works very well.
The price is unbelievable.
I bought two sets, because I didn't want to have to keep reaching in my dishwasher to retrieve a fork or spoon.
Now I think I'm going to get a third set--then I'll have everything matching for those crazy family gatherings.
For the money, this set would be hard to beat.
Nice Set
I really only use a couple knives from this and the scissors but it is a lovely set.
I like how much space it frees up to have them neatly in the block.
Good, neat looking
I dont know what to say, i dont have to make flatware purchases ever, i know nothing of flatware...this is decent and looks good.
Not Stainless Steel
This is the first negative review I've made, but need to say that these knives are NOT as advertised.
They showed spots after a couple of washings!
Even the cheapest grocery store purchased knives don't show spots.
I tried to clean them with a scouring pad, and a gray color came washing off.
Don't buy these knives.
comparing to the previous reviews, the forks are actually real sturdy.
they are nothing compared to regular flimsy plastic utensils.i love them, and we are using them for a bridal shower.
Bright & shiny & durable so far, knife issue is no problem.
Have been using since early November and love this flatware.
My dishwasher has no drying cycle which Henckels recommends, but the flatware comes out just fine.
)I have had just minor issues with balancing the knife a few times and found if I adjust how I lay it on the plate (either put more handle on the plate or set it on vertically (either blade up or down) it works, but because of the design, you can easily set the knife back on the table standing with its blade down, because the "business" part of the blade does not touch the table.To those who have rust problems not due to misuse,  have you attempted to contact Henckels re: the lifetime warranty?My only gripe with this product is that Henckels does not make this set for 12 and 23 piece sets for 4 are available at very few places including just a small percentage of Bed Bath & Beyond stores.
Fortuneately my neighborhood BBB stocked the 23 piece set (not the 45 however)and even with s coupon, it was a bit priceier due to 3 serving pieces (serving spoon, meat fork and slotted spoon) which I really did not need.
great flatware
so glad I purchased this item.
I have absolutely no complaints about this product.
Handles are junk, split and 'threading' slivers of wood
I was amazed, as I have a GREAT set of Chicago Cutlery (440A Fine series).
You just cant make them better than that set...but they proved they can do the opposite.
This isnt even good as a starter set, as you're never going to use them without kevlar gloves, unless you like splinters and cutting yourself from using more force to slice from the dull unsharpable blades.
Great set of knives
This set of knives is awesome!
I love that it contains the couple of knives I consider essential (chefs, utility and paring) AND a set of 8 steak knives all in a block!
Sketchy Advertising
The set I describe is also advertised as the "International" set.It seems vendors are starting to get a touch elusive about how they present where their products (or more specifically, ALL of their product) are being made.
This product seems fine so far, but the knife block that I received is black and the knives do not say ginsu on them, nor does the block.
I'm not entirely sure how this happened, but this is not the product I ordered.
Obviously, they do the same general thing, but they are not ginsu knives.
Fun purchase!
I absolutely love this cutlery set.
I was a little disappointed because I received two bamboo handle teaspoons instead of one being the pink and yellow polkadot teaspoon.
THE BEST GADGET EVER!!!
My dad gave me some Rada knives over 25 years ago since he swore by them and they are all going strong still and I have added some also over the years and I've used nothing but this little sharpener on them to maintain a razor sharp edge.
I have many other knives too and after every use make a few passes through it to hone the edge perfectly.
Very dull knives should be run through a carbide type sharpener first and then finished with the Rada for best results..
I love the classic styling of this set and the weight came as a pleasant surprise.
I look forward to using this set of flatware for years to come!
Perfect price. Perfect Flatware.
So when I saw this cute, simple set I had to pick it up.
I love the smaller spoon and smaller fork.
They work well and have a nice size and texture.
Worked out very well...though out of 20 I'm already down to 16.
Good qualty
Good qualityand very nice to use, my mother very happy when she used itthank you very muchbyer
Excellent value
For under thirty dollars, you cannot go wrong.
The blades really live up to the cliche "Sharp as a razor."
The wood block looks very nice too.
Perfect cutlery set for the occasional cook in the house but I suspect the more frequent chiefs might prefer a heavier duty set.
I cannot believe anyone doesn't know the history of these knives.
A total shame, not stainless steel, pure junk.
These knives were reviewed in a leading consumer magazine and were highly recommended.
The knives surely are very sharp.
They are all very well balanced.
I think for our pruposes they would do spelndidly.
We are vegetrians and it is going to be a pleasure cutting vegetables with this set of knives.
Although I was initially skeptical about the scissors, even they may be useful.
Now I have this knife which I only used once and I am unable to use it again!
Read many reviews before buying this product (including Consumer Reports flawed high rating) and now, after using it, I am quite amazed of the overly positive writings this has received.POSITIVES - Knives are well balanced, not very heavy, blades are sharp (although they need to be honed every time after being used to keep them sharp), bamboo quality/finish/look is great, and product carries mfr's limited life warranty!NEGATIVES - There is a lot to say..... upon first visual contact one can easily tell this is NOT a Japanese-made product (I erroneously assumed so!
- and it sure 'screams volumes' to the fact it is a Chinese-made, inferior quality product).
The maximum thickness of the blade(not the cutting edge) is thicker than a traditional, quality Japanese knife (such as the Sandoku) and that alone plays a major role in the QUALITY of cutting (the thinner the blade, past the cutting edge, a more precise cut is attained and thus the higher the quality of the cut).I used a high magnification microscope to examine eveness/smoothness of the blade's cutting edge and was amazed at the plethora of not only imperfections but also extensive 'chipping' which definately leaves the edge uneven and has a negative effect on the quality of cuts.In the past I have examined other Japanese-style chef knives and could barely detect any such adverse characteristics - the difference of course on those knives is their much higher pricing (about 5 to 1 ratio) than the pricing of the Ginsu knives.
There are other adverse quality issues that I would like to mention but I will sound too technical and thus I will pass.Overall, for the average consumer (like myself), there is another annoying trait of the Ginsu knives - they are HORRIBLE with stains (very-very prone to stains).
Although the blades are made of stainless steel you will just be amazed how easily and quickly these blades scratch and stain.
I think the mfr should describe the blades' material (and in capital letters) as being "highly-stained steel").
But even such will not prevent the abhorring staining... very easily seen all ovel the metal surfaces of the blades.
What I know for sure, in no time these blades will have stains all over (if not rust).I sure do not want rust and such crappy look on my chicken counter.Last, but not least, the resin knife-handles look 'foggy' no matter how you wash or dry them - they do look old and smudgy and thus do not add to one's kitchen overall look.
Perhaps they will balance out well in a garage's or tool-shed's environment.All in all, I would not recommend this product for one's kitchen functional and decorative oblectives.
Last, the company lies when it says the blade stays sharp for a long time.
That is just not true with this product.
After less than 30 minutes of cutting you will be able to tell that the knife has become dull.CONCLUSION : In search of great Japanese-style knives (and there are many but way more expensive) if you choose the Ginsu Chikara (chinese-made) knives you just get exactly what you pay for (inferior product for less $$).
Consumer Reports magazine should be ashamed of yourselves in 'manufacturing' and presenting cooked-up (I am sure for profit) information to your subscribers!
This is a very nice knife set for the price.
I certainly could have found other sets for a lot more money, but this set meets my needs very well.
The block is of good quality and looks very nice on my kitchen counter.
These were what I needed in terms of how many I get...I only wish I could get a box of just forks.
I probalby will never use all the knives
Great if you like RUSTY knives
These knives cut okay, not great, but okay.
They are not the sharpest knives, but I have used worse.
Every single knife has rust on it and I just couldn't stand it any longer so I bought replacements (Wusthof...worth the $$$).These are not Henckels knives made in Germany, these are a cheaper version made in China - if you are buying for the name...save yourself the hassle and your money.
I love this flatware set.The best value out there and the best price!heavy duty metal too.
These knives are well worth the money.Watch out though..very sharp.
Great product at a reasonable price
Chicago Cutlery quality and the in-block sharpener works very nicely.
Now our knives are always sharp.
Coming up on a year and the knives still look brand new.
Best bang for the buck!
I simply can not believe how great this set is for so little money?Super sharp, well balanced, attractive, seemingly great quality...How do they do it?
Worst knives ever...seriously
Ginsu 04817 International Traditions 14-Piece Knife Set with Block, Natural are the biggest pieces of crap I have ever seen.
I read the reviews before ordering and most people favor these knives.
I knew they were cheap but I was hoping that they would slice better than my mid range current knives.
I literally used every knife in the block in the past two days and each experience was awful.
They are crap.
Don't waste your time or your money on these.
I didn't find that these knives were nearly as sharp as I'd expected.
I've returned these, but not yet replaced them with a different set.
great product
The Chikara knife set is a quality product and you can't beat the price.Would recomend to any one.
Great Starter Knife Set
This knife set is wonderful!
The knives were sharp right out of the box, and we've been using them for four months with no discernible difference in their cutting ability.
First, the handles become slightly faded from the dishwasher detergent, and second, the knives come clean but usually have several water spots on the blades that look rusty.
I'm actually buying two sets as Christmas presents right now.
Great knives!!
These are some really good knives for the money!!
They are really worth the money, you want regret buying these!
I looked high and low for quality disposable flatware, these did the trick.
I will most definitely order these again.
Inexpense but well crafted
The block and knives are well constructed.
The price was fair and much lower than the local stores.
Size, weight, construction & appearance are all outstanding.
My only complaint is the edge.
The serrated portion of the blade is sharp but the straight edge was marginal at best, and bringing it up to a satisfactory sharpness has proven a great deal of work.
Bread knife broke in half while cutting butter..yes butter
I bought my set back in april 2012, its oct 2012 now and when using the rigged blade bread knife of the set today, it broke while tryin to cut thru butter to put on a bagel, yes cool butter from the refrigerator, blade broke right in half.
My last Farberware set made it longer than this.
This is embarassing would never buy this international chinese junk again.
only descent henkels come from germany, these international ones are garbage.
Plenty of brown spotting on the blades too coming out of the dishwasher and there suppose to be stainless,,lol.
