Great Toaster!
Looked for a long time before I decided on the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 4-Slice Toaster, since it was so reasonably priced.
Furthermore, I have never been disappointed in buying other Hamilton Beach products.
This toaster is very stylish, looks great in our kitchen and is extremely easy to use.
Only had it for a few weeks and have no complaints so far.
I have nothing to compare it to, so I will just tell you our experience with it.First of all, it bakes very well.
Its too small to bake a layer cake, but I imagine cookies or cinnamon rolls would do very well in it.It works fairly well for toasting hamburger, hot dog, and hoagy buns when using the bagel mode.
Toasting bread is a little frustrating, because the darkness control is so sensitive.
You really need a flashlight to see if your items are done.2.
A replacement pan costs $20.00 (plus shipping) and is only available from Cuisinart.
All the other replacement pans I could find on the internet were much smaller than the 10" x 11" pan that this one uses.Things I like:1.
It is large enough to make 2 servings of fries or tater tots.
You can do 3 large skinless boneless chicken breasts and use the grilling rack for even cooking on both sides.3.
It preheats quickly and baking is pretty much the same time and temperature as our big oven.
It doesn't heat up the entire kitchen.5.
The pan seems to be fairly non-stick and easy to clean up.
No soggy crust.Bottom line is....I like it and would recommend it.
Pray your toaster never fails
We had our toaster about a year and a half when it failed.
The right slots {on inner wires}stopped working.
I still had to pay to send the broken one.
The wrong color was sent{never asked me which one I had}Another phone call- sent ups to get the one that was sent to me.
It cost me $14.15!
Not good customer service.
It is perfect!
My electric bill has been lowered significantly.
It has paid for itself in the two months I have owned it.
Nice for the price
We've had this toaster oven for a few months and we like it.
As one other reviewer noted, english muffins don't fare very well in this device, but they don't get mangled in ours; just a little curved.
It's not the easiest to clean, either.
But the oven works great, bagels brown beautifully and plain bread does well.
And toaster oven looks really cool.
consistent toast
The browning dial works consistently well.
I toast 12-grain bread at the 3-4 position, which leaves the bread light brown.
This toaster works faster than my previous toaster that we had for 25+ years.
toaster is also lighter.I like that this toaster has a button to push to eject the bread versus turning a dial like on other brands.I would like to see a redesign of the top to make it easier to wipe crumbs away.
Right now, the metal part is not full flushed on the top of the toaster, so crumbs can get in between the metal and plastic part.
Although the bread toasts evenly, the metal area surrounding the slots becomes so hot that I had a blister on my finger from a burn I sustained while just touching the area!
For the price and the fact that I just wanted something to toast bread/bagels, toaster's great.
Sure there are better models and products out there, but given the price point, who can complain?
I've had no issues with burning myself or my bread, and the cord's positioning and length don't seem to be an issue.
Ok, but not great quality
Both times that I used it, the egg turned out weird.
It was too wet and puffed up to an extreme size.The actual toaster portion has always been ok, but in the past few months it's turned basically worthless.
For example, this morning I put in my Toaster Strudel on the highest setting and it came out still mostly frozen in the middle.
I've also tried cooking the Toaster Strudel at back-to-back medium settings but it doesn't help, either.I'm definitely going to be shopping for a new toaster this weekend.
Love the look, the way it works, and the space it takes up.
It is larger than my previous toaster oven but not by much.
Its performance is so much better than my old one.
Color & quality are great
The color is perfect for the kitchen.
The toaster works very well & we are well satisfied with it.
We like the fact that we can toast bagels & english muffins as well as bread.
poor at toasting
I had purchased a toaster that was half the price and it did not toast evenly.
This model had good reviews BUT I found it did not toast evenly.
It does the job.
It looks less than elegant to my rarefied eye, but it functions perfectly.
My one big gripe: the energy-waster light that stays on perpetually when the toaster is plugged in.
Tasty Egg Muffin in 4 mins, no more drive to McDonald.
I can not believe making a restaurant quality tasty Egg Muffin at home in just few minutes.
It is awesome to make Bagels with wide toaster slot.
Absolutely love this toaster.
This toaster toasts both side of the bread evenly.The controls are perfectly designed for easy use, and it is extremely light weight which is important to me since I do not leave my toaster out on the counter.
Goodbye Dualit, hello Breville!
Well, first off, let me say this: NOTHING looks better than the classic, Dualit toaster.
Now let me say this: If you're interested in toast, NEVER buy a Dualit toaster.
It's a mean and hurtful machine, designed to make you cry into your poorly toasted toast at the $350+ you parted with.
I was dubious about the 'automatic' motor drive system to lower and lift the toast, but it works fine, AND, best of all?
THIS IS THE BEST TOASTER I'VE EVER HAD.
Great, even toasting, slice after slice.
I'm very happy with this purchase, even though I fear from the looks of it it's part of the Cylons 'plan'.Buy it, and let Dualit know their art pieces aren't fit for actual cooking.
LOVE THIS TOASTER!!
THIS IS A GREAT TOASTER!!
I have no idea why it has so many bad reviews.
I would recommend this toaster and I would buy it again!
Does not toast evenly
Loved all the features and the look.The big sell for me was the carrying handle.
We store our toaster in the cabinet and the handle makes it easy in and out.BUT...see pictures from other customers this toaster does not toast evenly.The bread sits in the toaster at an angle...not sure why they had to design this way since they have the extra push up and out handle.
So the bread sits at an angle and browns the same way...half toasted.
Very disappointing.Find another toaster, stay away from this one.
This toaster is the sole reason I wake up at all, otherwise I would continue to slumber in peace.
Looks good, a bit plastic-y, the controls feel fragile, though probably won't break.
I have some other B&D kitchen stuff, and they seem more substantial.This toaster tends to dry out the toast too much, I use a medium setting.
We have used this oven almost daily for nearly 6 years now and it has never let us down.
It is simple to switch from the over mode to the popup toaster mode by using the clunky sliding switch, just don't forget to take out the small tray when using it as a toaster.
It won't hurt the oven but you toast won't get direct radiant heat from the lower heating elements.This is great for toast and bagels using the variable width pop-up, and for croissants, pastries and warming pizza slices etc in the small oven.
small oven is much quicker and more cost effective that using the main oven for warming small items and better that the microwave which can make pastries soggy.After so much use the glass door does not shut perfectly anymore, but it's still used daily in both capacities.A kitchen essential in my opinion.
It works just like advertised.
There are very clear instructions, including a measuring cup for the water that is cleverly marked to help make the process easy.
I made egg sandwiches with no effort.
Unlike making poached eggs in a conventional way, these eggs came out very nice.
I have also made hardboiled eggs and they came out perfectly.I'm a little skeptical about combination products, but this one works very nicely.
Wonderful Toaster
I purchased this toaster after buying a cheaper one at Wal-Mart that did not work.
It works great and I would highly recommend toaster.
Overall a frustrating item.Pros:1.
Reasonably priced2.
Nice features with Bagel setting (toasts inside while just warming outside), Frozen item and reheat.3.
Audible alarm when toast is done.4.
Cool touch sides5.
Wide long slots easily accomodate bagels, large slices of rye bread etc.Cons:1.
Coarse granularity on timer makes getting the "perfect toast" impossible.Ok.
For me setting 1 with white bread barely toasts it, however setting 2 toasts to a medium brown, I'd say it's about 15 seconds too long.
For this reason the toaster is less than useful for me.
While digital controls would be ok if I could set it using a wider range (think microwave where I can adjust power levels or I can adjust time) this just lacks the level of control I need :(
Great features!
This toaster is awesome!
And so many features it makes toasting a delight.
Black and Decker Toaster Dead on Arrival
I ordered this toaster because of the price and positive reviews.
As always with Amazon Prime the product arrived promptly and was securely packaged.
Upon opening the box I noticed the toaster body is made almost entirely of cheap looking plastic.
Next, I go to plug it in, and realize that the cord is pretty short.
However, the toasters plunger would not descend down far enough to engage and turn on the heating element.
The problem is that the cost of returning the product is almost half the price I paid, and I still have a cheap looking toaster.
Eventually the customer service representative agreed to send me a new toaster if I would just cut off the power cord and mail it in.I'll say this; at least the Black and Decker customer service representative did make an effort to rectify the problem.
Working well so far,good quality
Toasts very evenly ,browns eggo's perfectly on frozen setting.I used the bagel setting which browns the face side well but doesn't heat the bagle though.Works better on regular toasting setting.End of cycle beep not annoying like some others.
3 year warranty is a plus over other brands.So far very pleased with quality and operation.
We wanted a simple, 4 slice toaster that did not take up the whole counter and actually toasted bread and bagels without fuss.
We bought the T-Fal for that solution and only wish we had bought it a few years ago.
The middle range worked perfectly for me the first time and it is now the default setting.
While doing other chores the countdown timer is working within sight and the dinger goes off when complete.
The crumb tray is easy to take out and clean.
The push up handle elevates the bread to a satisfactory height for removal.
The black color is unobtrusive and few finger prints show even though they are present.It is wonderful to have products that have advanced the art of cooking.
This is one of those.
Way better than McDonalds!
I bought this for my male roommate and he LOVES Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher!
Some days it's bagels, others are english muffins and they create the best McMuffins I've had.
I'm really happy with this product!Back to Basics TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher
This toaster was a gift and the couple I gave it to (a former student and wife) are still thanking me.
toaster is wide enough for bagles or for toasting buns or for a thick slice of home made bread.
The toast gradations do really work for really light to a dark brown for cold dark mornings.
uneven toast
All of the functions work as expected.
Price was competitive.
Doesn't toast evenly ever.
Excellent toaster
This toaster toasts bread quickly and evenly.
The slots are thick enough to fit a nicely sized bagel and the lever to turn on the toaster seems sturdy.
I've been using this product for over a year now and it still works like new.
All in all, this is an excellent toaster and I would recommend toaster to others.
I really like it and have used it 15 or so times.
The down side is a small one (well two) the top where you put the bread in will let heat out, but I knew that when I got it and a cutting board on top works just fine.
Something that I didn't see in the review was the switch where you go from toaster to toaster oven won't stay on oven, switch will move just a fraction and it makes the oven part go off so while I'm using the oven part I have to keep an eye on it to make sure it's toasting.
But it really is a great product and the two small problems I found can be easily fixed and I don't know why Hamilton Beach hasn't fixed it yet, seeing how it is a crazy huge company.4-11-13 Update... Last night I was toasting an English muffin in the bottom oven part and the toaster caught on fire.
So just sayin if you cook with it, keep an eye on it so you don't burn your house down.PS The toaster is totaled changing rating to 1 star...
It  worth what we paid for it.
The only thing I don't really care for is the size of this toaster.
Luckily, I also have a large kitchen with plenty of counter space, otherwise I would return it for that reason alone.
good toaster
Does the job well, takes a little experimenting to understand how it works...which side to put bagel in vs a piece of bread.
Great Retro Toaster
We really love our Cuisinart toaster.
We did alot of research and few toasters offered both the look we wanted combined with all the great options this toaster has.
We also love the retro look as this also fits perfectly with our 50's kitchen.
Breville Does the Toasting Good
She was absolutely correct -- wide range of settings, it takes in big slices of bread with ease (no need to cut off the crusts), handles bagels with aplomb, and has a versatile and useful set of operating options (e.g., look and see, do a bit more).
Appreciated the pricing and the prompt delivery in a well protected packaging.
I wish I had never bought this toaster; I should have gone to Target and bought whatever they had for under $15.
If a $15 toaster did that, I would almost expect inconsistency.
I expect consistency with a $40 toaster.
I have been waiting for this to go on sale for a while and when I knew I could get it for $50 with free shipping I jumped at the chance to try it.
This thing rocks!
The only issue I have with it is that the heating element that boils the water is hard to clean.
We've used this toaster/egg cooker several times now and really like it.
I wish we didn't have to spray with pam - but other than that we are very happy with it.
The only thing I would change at this point is the placement on the power cord.
This toaster was too big for our counter - never used toaster - it's the size of a Volkswagon bug!
I just got rid of my Delonghi, after, what seemed like forever - it was THE BEST - unlike the new ones they are showing - I think I had that toaster oven for 20 yrs - the only reason I did not purchase that brand again is because of the lack of temp.
control - I purchased the Cuisinart because of the wattage power and the reviews - however, not having an interior light is really an extremely poor product design - seriously - that is not why I gave it 3 stars, but does add to it - I am more than rather disappointed in the fact that Cuisinart does not cook consistently - example; I like baking Sweet potatoes in the toaster oven - with the thought in mind that the potatoes are the same size, sometimes it takes an extra 15-20 minutes - I never ever had this problem with my Delonghi
Beautiful red toaster like hot dog maker that toasts the buns and cooks the hot dogs to perfection.
totally awesome toaster!
I was a little skeptical at first, especially after reading that the material is plastic, but this is a very sturdy and somewhat stylish toaster.
I think it looks a lot better real life versus the pictures online.
It toasts my toast and poaches my egg, all in a very straight forward fashion.
I would totally recomend this product.
However, the single one works fine and does not take up much space, so i am happy.
Great product!!
I love this toaster.
The slots are very long and wide so that you can fit just about any size slice of bread.
Works very well
We have only had the toaster for a week or so and we're still figuring out our toast preferences but we are very happy with toaster.
And we can toast 4 slices at once!
Which was all we wanted in the first place.Also toaster's very pretty.
Good looking, multiple features and great performance
That is not something I normally do with a toaster, but this had enough buttons that made it necessary for me to figure out what they were for.
The design of the toaster is very nice and will compliment many of todays kitchen appliances with the black and stainless steel look.
I was concerned that the size was going to be larger than I would like, but it's footprint was similar to our former toaster.
It toasted like a champ!
I prefer a crispy, well toasted bagel and this did it perfectly on the #4 setting.
As for regular toast I found that #3 was just right and with a frozen english muffin again #4 worked great and it's the frozen setting that really sold me.
Overall I am very happy with our new toaster and would recommend to others and the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the price.
As with some of the other Russell Hobbs appliances, I feel that they are slightly overpriced.
I do not toast very often so this serves my need well.
Toasting is a little uneven but acceptable and the outer surface stays cool, just as advertised.
Toasts Bagels great
I have purchased other Cuisinart appliances in the past and really enjoyed them.
This Toaster lives up to the name and toasts Bagels evenly on setting 3  1/2.
Would have expected toaster to weigh more and feel more commercial but who really wants a heavy toaster.
It works fine for me.
I use it for toasting Gluten Free bread and it works fine for that.
And it's find for this price!
The toaster's only down side is that if you want to stop it toasting you can't get the lever to come up.
You have to unplug the toaster and than it pops up.
My roommate and I both use it every morning to make breakfast.
A sleeve of english muffins, a box of Morningstar breakfast sausage patties, a carton of eggs, and you've got delicious breakfasts for the whole week.
If you get fat-free english muffins, you're only looking at about 200-300 calories too, and plenty of protein.
It's not greasy or disgusting like McDonald's fast food, but actually makes you feel like you ate something substantial and healthy.I never write reviews for things on Amazon, but this thing has become such an integral part of my day to day routine that I had to come and give it five stars.
For ~$30-40, you can't beat it.Notes:Do get non-stick spray to use on the little egg panDo give the bottom of the egg cook area a wipe every once in a while, and do it right after cooking with it, it'll be well-steamed and easy to cleanDon't expect it to clean your dishes or do your laundry - it doesn't do thatDo enjoy a healthy breakfast on the regular, and have a good day afterward!
Excellent toaster for two slice
I certainly would recommend this toaster to anyone.
It provides fast and even toasting every time.
toaster's attractice and the price is exceptional.
Love this toaster
This is the best toaster that I have ever owned.
Then digital number is easy to remember and set.
It browns much more evenly than any other toaster I have owned.
The progress indicator is great.
The long slot is nice for oversized bread.
Best toaster I've ever had
The toaster is a good looking piece of equipment.
The light-dark control is very smooth operating and accurate.
I'm very pleased with the toaster.
This little economy toaster operates as advertised.I would have give toaster 5 stars except that the way the cord comes out at the front is inconvenient.
I wonder why the manufacturer decided on that design?I like the way that odd shaped pieces of bread are easy to remove when they are toasted.
The smallest quality Toaster oven around
This Toaster Oven is an excellent combination of good looking, very small and very functional.
I love Toaster Oven!
I love stainless steel toaster!
I am glad my stainless steel toaster died.
This red toaster is so beautiful!
The reason I purchased this brand of toaster was because I had recently bought a Brentwood Iron and was very pleased with it's quality.If you are considering purchasing this toaster, PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!, save your money.
The quality is so poor, and the bread slots so narrow, you are hard pressed to fit the bread into them.
I had the toaster on the lowest setting when I made my first few slices of toast and they burned badly.
The second two slices of toast also burned.I took the loss and threw the toaster out.
This toaster is very cheaply made.
I'm exaggerating but toaster does not weigh much.
The toasting was very uneven.
toaster gets so hot and the plastic all around the outside is so flimsy it causes concern.
I did like the fancy light up blue bars.
The Cuisnart Red Toaster would have been a good buy at the original price.
At the delivered price it is a fantastic help in this depression!
Gimped Toaster
Everything about this toaster is cheaply made.1.)
The crumb tray doesn't fit properly as one side sticks out 1/4" due to poor metal forging.2.)
The toaster never keeps the elements on for long enough.
It will take forever to toast something, as once the element gets red hot, it's shut off soon after, then left off for 30 seconds or so until it starts up again.
So even on toast setting the oven bakes everything instead of toasting.
I bet they did this "quick fix" to stop this toaster's poor track record of bursting into flames and shattering its glass door.3.)
Just like other cheap toasters, the labels around the dial will rub off over time.4.)
Power cord is WAY too short.
Two feet of power cable is pathetically short.Don't buy this unit: avoid at all costs.
The brand name means nothing anymore with the cruddy products they've released like this toaster.
Nice toaster.
This is a nice toaster.
Toasts well and evenly.
The "bit more" function and the audio indication of the toast being "up" are nice features.
Hope it is a long lived unit as it is certainly more expensive than most
awesome product
the guys love the product they use product every day of the week would recommend this product to my friends
I bought this appliance in the hopes that the lure of a tasty breakfast sandwich would tempt me to get up a couple minutes earlier than I absolutely had to.
Since finding the right water level, it has been consistent.The complaints about meat dripping into the egg are valid but its a simple thing to remedy.
You could use a paper towel if you really don't want any juice getting onto your sandwich.The meat tray has no problem making frozen (precooked) sausage patties hot.
I haven't experienced any problems with the bread getting cold or the nonstick coating coming off the egg pan yet... still wondering if that might be an issue later.
When you consider the ingredient costs vs. a mc-breakfast, it really doesn't have to last that long to be worthwhile, not to mention the convenience and health benefits.
If it lasts a year I would be totally pleased and ready to buy another.
This toaster is a complete waste of time and money.
Uneven toasting from Day 1, and now one side does not work, less than one year later.
Cuisinart does not even give you the option of returning or repairing on their website.
About the only thing about it is it looks decent sitting on the counter - give it a star for that.
Like toaster oven and maybe love it!!
I think this toaster oven is a great size!
Works really well too.
The only thing is a i wish toaster oven was a little bit bigger because the rack can only fit on the top shelf part and if you lower it the door doesn't really close well.
BUT other than that it is a great product.
toaster seemed to be it!
At first, we were generally pleased with the way it worked though we noticed, right away, that the settings weren't always consistent.
It toasts pretty evenly and does handle the larger sizes except .
.We noticed, after a few months, that the mechanism inside the toaster is pretty flimsy.
Sometimes things would get stuck, even if the bread itself wasn't particularly fat.
Sometimes toaster wouldn't pop up all the way and, over the months, we could see that the parts that hold the bread were getting out of alignment a bit.
Eventually, perhaps after a year of use, the pieces inside were bent and, on one side, no longer stayed on the track.When the toaster works, it works well.
The size is perfect and it even looks nice.
It just isn't built that well.
Trouble is, for the price, it's one of the few toasters that can do two bagels at once or a long piece of homemade bread.As long as you keep in mind that it might need replacing in a year or so, it's not the worst purchase.
Love It!
Love the push button for toast vs. a timer you have to twist, not too big and not too small
Toastes very unevenly.
One side good the other nothing.Like the bagal option.My old B & D was much better.
Worked perfect for me.
Works exactly how it should.My egg and bagel or muffin are always done and perfect everytime.I slap some cheese and a slice of ham and in 5 min i'm breakfast bound.I honestly can't find a thing wrong with this awesome toaster.
Great product
Toast very evenly great Product when toaster pops out its a little loud but I really like toaster.
I would recommend toaster also if you don't have counter space it's really wide.
I would recommend it also if you don't have counter space toaster's really wide.
Heats and toasts FAST.  But has NO timer.  Dials hard to read. Burns bread.
The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.
And it is compact and looks good.
The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.
2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.
It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.
In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.
3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.
Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.
Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.
The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.
Love the line of colors for kitchen accessories, this toaster works great, is cheap and does not show finger prints.
Great idea, but it burns everything
When our toaster died, a bit of research made oven seem like such a great idea.
Small counter space, wide toaster slot and a bit of an oven.
And, we found it in the perfect shade of red that matched our other counter-top appliances.Unfortunately, oven burns everything put into the oven.
Even at low temperatures, the small size means the heating element is too close and by the time anything is heated, it's also black on top.Then it turns out the toaster slot is wide, but short.
You can easily fit in a half a bagel, but it's too short to get in both halves.Worse, if you try to cram anything in, even just a little, bread gets stuck.
Any bread that's soft and not perfectly flat will get stuck when it pops up and get smashed up against the heating element.If you never put anything in except a very small pizza slice and toast only pre-sliced white bread, it's probably a great little machine.
But for anything even slightly out of the ordinary, it just plain doesn't work.
Terrible toaster, even worse customer service
I bought this toaster about a year ago and unfortunately, it just never worked properly.
At the time I read all the reviews and they seemed pretty good (even toasting, looks great, works on all sorts of breads, etc).
My problem was that the toaster timer did not work.
After about a month and MANY MANY burned waffles and bread slices, I tried to contact cuisinart support with my issue.
Essentially their support is non-existant.
So, another problem with me is that I tend to throw away packaging whenever I purchase something, so there wasn't really an easy way to return this toaster.
Plus I figured it wasn't worth the headache to try and get a refund.. all I really wanted was for the company to correct a wrong they did.Anyways, for the past year, I have just tended to avoid toasting things since this thing isn't reliable.
It was only the other day I had to toast something which reminded me of how bad this product is that I decided I need to post a review to help prevent others from falling into the same pit I did.
Definitely will never buy Cuisinart again.
Brave Little Toaster!
We pretty much make toast, bagels and english muffins with our toaster, and we love it.
The bagel setting is particularly cool.
It's easy to use, and I don't miss the tick tick tick our old toaster used to make.
We also have warmed pizza in this toaster and it also does a nice job with that.
And the pull-out crumb tray is a big hit in our house.
A few little quibbles - the dials aren't easy to read - it's hard to tell whether the dial is pointing at toast vs. bagel vs. bake.
Or, you can set it to toast way too dark by accident.
Also, we'd prefer the top and sides were stainless steel, rather than black.
A Great Product
My husband has his eggs and toast every morning and this product was a blessing.
Now he gets his toast and egg at the same time, where before he had to put his bread in the toaster and poach his egg on the stove.
The old toaster only toasted part of the bread, but this toaster does the whole slice.
Thank You for a Great Product.
good for price
great addition to our red applianced kitchen wares and it works well but some times the toast seems a little dark so you dont need it up very high at all, maybe it runs a bit hot?
we like it and is serves its purpose.
Short tail!
Very light and fine aesthetically speaking, but takes up a lot of counter space and has a very short tail!
Ours is next to the outlet, but the cord starts at the opposite end of the toaster and barely reaches.
It has one problem so far...very often when I press the levers to start the toasting process the levers will not stay down and I have to repeat the process several times before the bread will stay down
After many good years with my old B&D toaster oven, it was time to get a new one.
Actually what happened on the old toaster oven was the button you push down to toast, got stuck, and her 2 mini bagels caught on fire.
The handle melted, the toaster oven was history.
It's not just B&D toaster ovens that have saddled the consumer with the new twist the dial toaster oven, others have the same unfortunate feature.
The main reason I don't like this "twist the dial" to toast option is because you don't get the same result each time you toast.
Maybe in time, I will get used to the new dial option.This toaster over gets three stars.
In addition to not having the old push down button, and toast lever, it has cheap, light, feel to it.
Also, the the wire grill that you lay the item you want toasted (or baked) on, has a "hook" on it, which enables it to slide out as you open the door, but many times does not close very smoothly, you have to "jimmie" it a bit to close.
In my opinion, a poor design.In summation: an OK toaster oven, it functions, but nothing special.
We had a Cuisinart 4 slice toaster for several years that did exactly what a toaster is supposed to do untilwe discovered our cat on the kitchen counter one morning.After scolding kitty and thoroughly cleaning the counter top we found evidence that a mouse had been on the counter top as well.We cleaned the counter again and found evidence a mouse had been under our beloved toaster.
No doubt looking for bread crumbs.Concerned with the prospect of disease and no way to clean the toaster,we had no choice but to discard our toaster and buy a new one.We purchased a replacement four slice Cuisinart and it arrived in a few days.It was obvious it was not the same quality as our first Cuisinart and the lift levers really feel cheap.They feel like lift levers might break at any moment.
To add insult to injury the toast comes out dry and inconsistent.We're inclined to return replacement four slice Cuisinart and buy a different brand but it is becoming clear that appliance manufactures are just going for the quick sale instead of building quality products that will bring customers back.That's what we tried to do.
problem with the door.
returned to shop wise for a refund
excellent for the $$
Bakes, broils, and toasts evenly.Great slide out crumb catcher.
Excellent value for the money.
Compact 4 slice unit
Heard that it makes good toast and the dual control is a plus when two people like theirs different colors.
Great toaster oven though stated measurements are incorrect
This is a great toaster oven for the price.I was looking for a smaller type of toaster oven and was not thinking of this one due to the stated measurements.
I however saw it at a friend's and realized toaster was smaller than I thought.The actual measurements are:16" Depth x 8.5" tall x 10.5" deep
The two right slots barely lit up while the two left slots got bright and hot.
I returned this toaster...again, and ordered an entirely different brand.
Once is a possible bad appliance, twice or more is a bad product period.
First one I bought didn't work at all.
No frills toaster, except for the bagel setting which I think is neat.
Setting 5 toasts bread perfectly
toaster toasts.  Just no Domo face.
I bought this for my girlfriend because she's obsessed with Domo.
The idea behind this toaster is a novel one but so far have not successfully planted Domo's face on a single piece of bread.
not happy to find that there was not timer for broiler and baking.................  otherwise, find that it works just fine
The little toaster oven that could!
Our old toaster over (same make and model) was a beloved work horse 6 days a week for 3 years.
toaster oven will get the job done....from fish sticks to frozen waffles... you will not be disappointed.
Also, the new cancel button is sweet!
It's still going strong.
Biggest drawback is that it's a bit slow, but you learn to time that while getting other things done in the kitchen.
Toasts pretty evenly, the selector dial is dependable to get the done-ness you want.
For english muffins, a second toasting can be needed, but it is even.
We just tried an Oster and returned it, toasts one side black if you get the other side even slightly brown.
Same with a Cuisinart that we returned from Christmas.
And, btw, re: other reviewers' comments: you can force the toast up if you want to, it just takes a little effort, and after five years of doing it, the handle shows no signs of breaking from the pressure.Today's manufacturing being what it is, I suppose you can always get a bad one, but if you get one that works, this is a fine little toaster.
BTW: Be sure to empty the crumb tray once in a while, as it actually does keep the crumbs in, and if you get a big pile going, that can affect toaster performance.
IN SUM: If this toaster toasted a bit faster, I'd give it five stars.
The exterior of ours is a little worn looking, doesn't really fit in with the rest of our brushed steel/chrome counter appliances, which is why we decided to look for a new one, but it toasts dependably well, which is more than I can say for those last two $50+ models we tried.
Uneven Toasting
Bagels - great - it toasts one side nicely.
HOWEVER, I can not get a piece of white bread to toast EVENLY!!
Looks pretty
I would give this about 2.5 stars.
- I just purchased this mainly for the pop up button before the burn.I didn't think it was worth the extra $ for the pretty slant effect.
Sturdy toaster
We'd just ruined a $125 toaster by burning a corn taco in it, when I read a magazine's thumbs up for the under-$20 Proctor Silex.
Proctor Silex good.
Survives minor fires inside it, and has a nice sliding heat range.
My only problem with Proctor Silex is that thin slices of bread slip down and have to be pried out with a fork -- which the toaster doesn't mind, evidently.
We love this toaster oven.
It fits nicely on our counter w/o taking up too much space.
It's great for nights when we do nuggets or other quick foods.
Much better than turning on the oven.
Sandwich lovers, rejoice!
If I were stranded on a desert island and could bring only one kitchen appliance, it would be this toaster.toaster's elegant.
And it makes perfect toast, each and every time.My family lives on bread.
toaster is by far the best.It toasts evenly on the outside of the bread, but the inside stays moist!It fits bagels easily, and has a dedicated button for its special needs.
There is also a separate Defrost button for your frozen waffles.I love how there are no levers, so you can't be tempted to pop it up and ruin the toasting cycle.Press the button, and the toast descends.
Just press the button that says "Lift and Look" -- and the bread comes up slowly for you to inspect.Want it to toast a bit more?
Just press the button that says "A Bit More.
"It's ingenious.
It feels futuristic, and yet it couldn't be simpler.Really, I love this toaster.
