For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.
great vacuum, great price
Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great.
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever!
Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great.
Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!
I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!
The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.
The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.
I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.
Never a Better Vacuum
I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.
It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.
I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem.
.. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY.
a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!
Love it!
I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job.
I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!
It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free.
Easy fix for no suction
I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.
Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.
However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.
The hose was clogged pretty badly.
The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.
Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate???
Powerful for its size
I am very happy with its performance.
Powerful for its size.
Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices.
Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.
I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.
It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.
7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.
It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power.
I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away.
This vac picks it all up and darned well.
The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.
The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."
It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.
Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.
For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.
We Love this Vacuum
Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean.
Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes.
auto retracting cord makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.
I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.
It left deep grooves on carpet.
Very disappointed with this vacuum.
"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price
I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one.
After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.
I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.
Nobody does it like you!
We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming.
Best "stick" vacuum ever!
We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.
The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.
It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!
We highly recommend this vacuum.
Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best
I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.
Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.
It 'feels' better than others.
you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.
It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.
So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!
I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.
It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.
The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.
best cordless stick vacuum
this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much
Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised...
I love little vacuum!!!!
A little vacuum with big power!
This is a great little vacuum cleaner!
I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!).
I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!vacuum cleaner is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item.
If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things.
How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase!
Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.
This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
Batteries are great.
The charge on these batteries is good.
It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!
I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.
It is a bit noisy.
The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.
It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.
I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.
It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.
The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly.
While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training.
We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.
wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o.
If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get vac.
This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged.
Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog).
I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it.
It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs.
It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible.
The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it.
you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs.
its so small and compact and easy to store.
Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum
And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out.
The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough.
Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush.
This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt.
You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used.
If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.
Very disappointed about this vacuum.
Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken.
a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions.
Two batteries a plus!
This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.
Great machine and deal!
This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.
The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.
Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.
Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.
I love Vac .
Lite to use but strong power.
The attachments work great.
Very easy to empty dust cup.
Wonderful Vacuum
I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it.
I can't believe how well this thing picks up!
With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone!
And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture!
What a great purchase!
Great Little Machine
I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all.
I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson.
(And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean.
The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs...
Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin.
This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only.
some parts good, some parts annoying
For the price of this product I would say it is just, ok.
It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.
Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird.
but overall i would say it is worth the money.
When first got it the suction was great.
Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning.
This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!
We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!
This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.
Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.
This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.
We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.
This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.
This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.
This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.
You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.
There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.
This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.
Best stick vac yet
This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.
It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).
Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.
Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.
This one's a keeper.
Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!
I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.
This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!
It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!
On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.
On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!
You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.
The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.
We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection!
This vaccum sucks!!!!
I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!
This is the best stick vac ive owned.
I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one.
vacuum kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned.
I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc.
This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do.
All I know is that vacuum was a huge pain to us.
We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!!
Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.
Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.
Great for Pet Hair
Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable.
Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll.
If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem.
It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range.
The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used.
No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum.
The filtration is terrible.
Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job.
If not given the attention it needs, 3 pre-motor filters will clog.
The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty.
Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice.
If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.
Doesn't hold charge
This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon.
Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all.
Pleased with this product
So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance.
I would like product a bit quieter, but the suction is good.
I love the automatic cord wind up.
The Hoover stick works very well.
It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs.
The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have.
The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles.
Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it.
Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model.
I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning.
This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
Love the ease of use.
Grab the Linx!
Grab the Linx Cleaner!
The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup.
I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.
BUY THIS VACUUM!
First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before?
The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc.
Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out.
when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!
), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus.
The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!
!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have.
When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW?
The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.
Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.
Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc.
At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies.
The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.
Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.
The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.
Easy to use, and empty.
Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.
It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else.
For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.
All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.
Works great!
Has a lot of power.
Happy with it.
Great price, would recommend to anyone.
The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.
The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.
I use it for the whole house!
It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.
You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
