Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room.
I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies!
I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor.
I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong!
It was definitely a wise investment.
My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes.
Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean.
Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer.
Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA
Easy set up, and very easy to use.
It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would.
You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out.
I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me.
Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me!
So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash
Works good.
However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing.
It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.
Other than that, it's a good product overall.
My son is now 17 months and it still works great.
Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.
Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha.
If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere.
My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol.
doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet.
Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear.
I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it.
The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out.
But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it.
I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!
I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.
Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!)
and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.
But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.
Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.
I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.
I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast.
I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment!
Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded
I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source.
This little machine is a marvel.
It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.
They smell so fresh.
It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.
Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun.
I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom.
It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy.
It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry.
The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk.
Aquarium tubing works great.
A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok.
have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.
Useful little machine
I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).
But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.
However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.
I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.
Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.
Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.
good product
works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes.
My wife and I are satisfied with tool.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.
I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking.
I had no problems with the return.
The replacement works fine.
I absolutely love this product!
It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing.
Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.
I absolutely recommend this wonder washer.
Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp.
It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date.
It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models!
It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it.
And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!
Wonderful Little Washer
Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.
wonderful machine
I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use.
don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well.
After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over.
It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel.
Energy demand is low for drycleaning.
I like this washer a lot.
Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.
It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.
The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
This machine is all washed up!
The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.
I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.
This is being shipped back today for a refund.
I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat.
It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.
Love the machine.
Love the features!
Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit.
LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back.
They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement.
If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY
This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!
For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30.
I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website.
To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites.
Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink.
I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load.
The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans.
In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done.
Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly!
Largest wash load took only about 45min.
I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price.
Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!
The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside.
Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward.
The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet.
Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc.
I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great.
I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing.
The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors.
I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me.
It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed.
It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time.
No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.
It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!
This is one nifty little machine.
It's very easy to assemble and operate.
It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible.
The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling.
The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit.
It prevents the water leaks others complain about.
The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!!
The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine.
It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale.
I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes.
The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation.
Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand.
Great little machine
I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway.
Easy to set up and works great!
Great buy
At this price this thing is well worth the money.
It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc...
I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer.
No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat.
Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment.
Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse.
Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power.
2-in-1 tool, awesome!
Well I did, and I love it.
I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes.
This thing is great.
I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing.
It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing.
Great product.
the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .
the best back pack washer
so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack.
That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry).
Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there.
I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free!
The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small!
So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly.
Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!
This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.
I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy.
Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.
Just follow instructions and it works great!
I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat.
Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.
We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat.
For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.
I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.
It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.
For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet .
It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers .
I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen .
I love thatthing a lot .
There is so much that you can do with this little washer .
I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.
The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.
LG Support is dreadful - steer clear
Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!
While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare.
Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering!
Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution!
SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!
Great little washer - Love little washer !
This machine is a very good investment.
It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.
Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET).
The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple.
Its great for a small family.
I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!
It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).
Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!
Otherwise, it is a quiet spin.
I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
Not exactly a "wonder" but works ok for diapers
The wonderwash works ok for the diapers, however I rinse them myself by hand.
Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean.
I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine.
I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing.
I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in.
I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that.
The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap.
The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off.
Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells.
I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well.
Happy with my purchase
very good looking but performs terribly...
we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line.
however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover.
this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
Works exactly as advertised
They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever.
Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together.
